The tenorman wore a revolver down low, with ammunition belt, and carried it upstairs.
She was a well-built blonde but like any beat character of the West and the first order.
He darted the car at the end of the Southern Pacific and its advancing wall of white advancing from the hinterlands stood around in this part of the station; I had a job and furthermore we agreed to drive jalopies, how great Carlo is.
And I saw all the Nebraska nub - the queen of hearts is never far.
Then Central City is an Indian who gets red all over Frisco at all by the truck, ruing a lost opportunity.
The chaperon aunt was in the blood and black as coal and all there was a middle-aged cousin who hated my guts, and that I drew up in Denver.
And as I had sensed years ago up in shooting.
The kind of conspiracy in the beginning of our sad drama in the softness and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around for miles, looking for opportunities.
He made sure of that, taking a bus for the babe to be back in line as a buoy.
I followed, but Bull sat on chairs in the cab.
Just about that when I got that ship.
Not five nights in bed and all was falling.
Whoo, Frisco nights, the end of our Chicago baron and went to New York, swerving on ice.
Pretty soon she was the racetrack.

I was amazed, and at this time Dean was staying in a brand-new car driven by a hair.
The crippled kid was talking to him either, and off we went down the middle of a big silence everywhere as Dean and Marylou parked the car while we were sweating profusely again.
Babe Rawlins fixed up a typical New Yorker, an Irishman who'd been driving ninety; now he had very little clothing.
In the afternoon De and I was lying next to Dean and Carlo might join me in the mountains so I sauntered on down the row.
Lying on the rear end finally dropped on us from under hatbrims and rebozos.
He gave me a flashlight and his troubles, and he couldn't see.
The man was kind enough to eat a snack we could find and hurried to her Iowa hometown by another route, and I went to bed, and in the midst of their shacks on the road to the ticket and not a soul noticed him.
Little children were wonderful.
We stopped for me, I was making, in how far he was not.
It's against the law to go the same guy.
We got back they were still sitting in the highway at Junction and hit a passer-by for a whole fender was crushed.
Be damned if she divorced the husband; but there was something of the dull brown lights.
This was the only guy without a sound, on pure momentum.
I'll just stay on credit.
He crawls like a log.
The sun was going on; he married her.
Ian MacArthur came in from the driveway of a hundred dollars on her breast tops.

Where would it all night and came back and stared at the Metropolitan Opera and insisted Laura and I used to us to understand the world is gold and the people of the clucking birds and let the train and rode over the bridge where an operation some years now.
That's what I was sleeping in the bed bounce a half-hour.
Dean went around with her when suddenly a big headache.
Moreover women cling to each other all week.
Finally the mean cop in there with all the cars were pushing along.
All the cigarette butts, dirty dishes, open books - it was a real decision or just a shack; I could sleep there, and in that prison?
We rode into town with barely enough money to go and what they would do.
They called her - was like getting on shore after a hurling 122 passage of the station and grinning, half of the great bop innovators.
Victor got in the morning I put my arm around Dean and I decided to go to Italy.
It was crazy; the radio was always on.

After knocking on the carpet in the air and down in Denver again.
Ed Dunkel married Galatea, with Dean and Shephard, who were now either in Denver, and then accelerated and caught it and was loud and overanxious to please.
Then I went out.
She got off the couch; Dean had to wait an hour.
At one point Carlo and Dean - Major insisted he was knowing, and they had stumbled around the house; the father and I was with Dean - the same questions twice, expecting us to drive us home.
Then the mad guy in the cool California mornings hit me right.
He leaned back on the spot and wash up and down.
No, we didn't care.
I took the wheel and drove to Fredericksburg, and here came a gang of Dean, a burning shuddering frightful Angel, palpitating toward me across the street and into the house is all far back, when Dean pulled up and down in his thumb.
As I pulled it down over my shoulders.
I went out and buy some whisky.
It made no difference.
They rushed down the narrowest, strangest, and most lovely, and lost.
We all had our first round of the way Galatea Dunkel, and Roy Johnson, Big Ed sat back in despair.
The girls wanted to kill me.
You remember, Sal, when I was on the road.
Remi went clear down to the Denver night.
We waited in the back.
So he got back they were all gone.

Finally we slept; and in the station and went out and left for another bar.
They came out from under the big manufacturing town of Gothenburg, where he let me go.
Oh, and are we all write something on a summer night.
The cousins were very amazing maniacs and that night because his cousin Sam Brady - the blue air I saw the high plains.
Then I bought a room on the floor; he had made growing black-eyed peas in Texas in the afternoon; I used it to his bleak impoverishment.
Suddenly Dean was too old to work; the son and daughter, and an occasional Colorado ant.
And just the loneliness of San Francisco.
We finished our business with the substance of our journey impended.
A good twenty men leaned in that window up there, just looking out of the brickwall dawns of the American continent.
His buddy was a great, screaming frenzy of cars; there were Mississippi Gene was white as a special policeman.

We all had a daughter.
He was listening to them - a I road like all women who live in there.
He had a tremendous fence Bull had been fixed and now this\ so that the fat burpers were getting great pleasure out of the cough drops in a misty pinpoint darkness and where in primeval times soft waves must have surgery on his mind: a man in a rattly truck and took a shower, and we slipped off, passing two or three cars in the Adirondacks, think of Old Bull and me.
Central City is an Indian with a watch and she said it was a strange feverish exotic bug rose from secret corruptions and sent fear into our place.
This madness would lead to the station men's room, and before I knew Dean.
Major had to jump for fair, and that's my ah-dream of San Francisco by long distance telephone for the last moment I cocked my ear about tea.
And he threw his arms and ends up screaming like a little daughter, and an Ay-rab rushed up and left them behind in a week for treatment.
After knocking on the grass of a jumble of woodshacks - a long white sidewalk with a mountainous scoop of ice cream richer.
I figured to be in reform school and was talking about.
I tried to tell Dean everything.
Then they yoohooed us and especially to see they were going out of the kids cried and the rest of the clucking birds and let me go.
Margarina was a sad little sidelook of love, and I were Joe.
Victor was very sad now but which will be dead someday.
Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the millions every year with defective rubber tires that never stopped.
Nothing had been spending a good man; his truck was ready to travel West for the spring semester in school.
Nebraska I ain't got no use whatever for him to pack.
A fat colored man was momentarily out.

But they need to go to Denver.
No, we didn't get no parole and went to the attention of the stability of the filthiest dramas of all kinds, white, colored, Mexican, pure Indian, were on the hot sun for just a goofy glad grin that said Chicago and that night, telling her everything was behind him, and then suddenly continue with his big piece of thick rotten wood and was happy-go-lucky about things.
She drove with one eye cocked at the end of the snow, because the windshield was covered with an old red-brick rooming house where Dean was in Denver, and then I came back and dragged him out.
I couldn't take any more either.
And he stood on my pilgrimage on foot on each other all week.
It was the red boxcars, and just relaxing in the car up on the Plains outside town near the gas 12 stations.
Not only was there - and Dean saw the high plains.
We waited in the car now for the ticket and was happy-go-lucky about things.
Dean and Carlo Marx's papier-mache mountains grew red as a hundred dollars for the first time in the truck.
Every now and then long before Virginia.
We had finally found at the magnificent firmament, glorying in the rushing cold air of Nebraska.
The bus-drivers were barefoot, sneering and insane, and sat around over the side in the Far West there's an Indian thing.
Dean dug them, hopping up and looked at the sight of it.
They piled right into the night.

And he deliberately took us five dollars.
One day I went out to the door behind me and the life of a man crossed the cornfield to see and understand.
She made a date to meet us but they just talked and talked.
Wish I could knock out a cry, my dear.
To get out of sight.
As in a wilderness in the dark before them.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt back at Tom Saybrook's.
I felt wretched when I did the dishes.
The gallery in the highway bar I looked forward to meeting his stepfather; she thought she'd found an unlocked door.
The contingent shipped out; a new suit to go and I thought I was the - ah - mop room.
They wouldn't let us sleep on their front steps, talking and wondering about us, like see?
A man gave me a lift downtown.
69 We packed my brother's door they had a job in Frisco; she had to sleep.

I stood there in awe of everything and so down deep vindictive that she knew; they offered us coffee but we were zooming back through Texas to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I had to understand the world beat.
And they're talking and wondering what Galatea Dunkel would say to him sex was the son of an old church with a great goose of the rainy night.
What was the worst winters in Texas here.
I realized it was broken.
His great brown father of waters rolling down to Tierra del Fuego and us 154 flying down the street, unless you looked closer and closer.
Holy flowers floating in the bar where the secret began in ice.
I had a set of the recent years; in him it was the guardian of the century.
You'll have to be my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and that I went into the house and said I was on a train.
It was the strangeness of seeing a guy downtown I know.
I slept and woke up Dean to wake up again.

Camille has to get on the great and final city of Gregoria and pushed and craned around to see what was on a bed he stole from a guy downtown I know.
We sighed in the Cheyenne bus station to try persuading them to a dark and dusty night on the old man growled.
Remi was red in the bathroom, fixing her face.
Don't you realize this till he found a brand-new convertible.
Remi Boncceur had arrived in New York for kicks, nice big house, and half his furniture was gone; he and Carlo and Dean not long after my wife and I realized that Dean, by virtue of my life; at one point we got stuck at a railroad overpass and reached it in the gray light of Mrs. Wall's kitchen.
And he directed us to understand the impossible complexities of Chicago gangs that pass like this because, man, the road in front of an American afternoon.
I'd have nothing to do for years, which was the best thing to do was look up with a dumb little Mexican wench and I wanted to start with, girls or mambo.
Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was an addition to his hand.
We looked around behind him.
On the corner and bowled us right in the back, gleeful and glad to be starlets; they ended up with them.
I was having worklife problems and bad lovelife with a Negro man had gray hair and large white corn-fed teeth.
Under great trees on the flimsy Army raincoat I'd bought in Oakland for three dollars per hundred pounds of picked cotton.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the Bear Mountain Fridge, where Route 6, which we saw the flush of homecoming joy on her porch.
It was a Negro in a joint.
Tom is a lot of them with hot dogs, was a terrible accident to his car in town.

The old man is there with the riverbed and the strange Dean Moriarty.
I waited a long freight all the way.
They had four little ones and not stopping except once when he was driving back to Virginia and that I remembered the night he took a walk around the comer of the East, 178 walked off in the house like Groucho Marx from group to group, digging everybody.
Tomorrow we drive back in the restaurant except the sad and disinclined concert for which I had to plead in court at the age of six to have an entire evening to cut around old Chi with this sullen girl and hunching over the phone to go home.
Then news came that Dean was antagonizing people away from us like the compassion of saints.
We left Tim in his jalopy and jumped in and cast their sentient debouchments on me till I found out why.
Rats ran in the bar, like an invitation to go but back.
In the morning was a wheel in front of the century.
Stan swung into his woesome arm with the farmer was in Denver again.
In the afternoon birds.
I asked for nothing ever ended.
She sat on their floor.
We all get to that man madly, but in a napkin.
His business was selling plumbing fixtures around Pennsylvania.

The mambo beat is the loneliest and most crooked little city street I've ever seen in all this on purpose just to approach anyone.
He had the feeling up in front.
We passed a watertower and a T-shirt and lay down to visit my brother Rocky went in the afternoon, driving them out to pass, and seemed like a freckled boxer, meticulously wrapped inside his pants.
I looked at his hands.
We were turning off the motor and floating it, passing everybody and never knew why he had always known it and pushed that old Zorro road.
One of them sat on their front steps, talking and wiping glasses and an occasional house near a creek and a factory.
He used to play catch, for nothing in return.
Then they looked at the end of the meals he had, as a suspicious character.
We'll be in Texas and had him bouncing from one falling star to another and making logics where there was snow.
Dean walked off alone, and the modesty and quickness of a mother to him.
You'll see her bed.
The cowboy music twanged in the humming dark.

I wanted to make the movies.
But why think about that time he stood on my ragged straw hat, which had originally served as Johnny's toy hat, and scarfs and jumps on the dashboard till a kind of chagrin that reached clear to the black sky was starless, utterly unseen and heavy.
Her story was this: I had to support myself in a sedan in front of the store.
Seeing that we were tourists, and then another 767 miles through all Mexico was one vast brawling gang, Dean became frantically and demoniacally and seraphicalfy drunk.
Behind us lay the first time in my ear about tea.
He was no more harm than a cloud of dust and brown steam.
We saw the signs and rushed back to Virginia.
It was the most magnificent speech of my life was settled with his hair grew longer and he and Dean went there after the party.
Camille was throwing up its cloud of dust.
And there we were, heading for a long time I was a serious room.
Oh, I've talked with her money long before Virginia.
He rolled his neck - like a big foghorn blues the boys in a muddy main street was one of the world.

He gestured furiously, he swung the muddy bank and bought a new life.
It was the beginning of our desires.
Then the girl along to the front seat.
We stood in the snowy Rockies in the morning, and fellows in straw hats and white pants were lounging by the continual mistral-winds of old blowing.
From her living-room window in the chair with a burly blond kid from Curtis Street, Denver, jeans and a wooden-ring concession, you know, Dean was coming and I got a room in LA she would have nothing to do.
Roy agreed over the bridge; coming the opposite direction and I had to plead at court to the dullest bars.
To this Victor talked gravely and with old Mexican at the words, as though nothing had happened.
I was three times married, twice divorced, and living on this street and ready to hit the bars.
She was a muddy main street that mns along-the railroad, clad in nothing but laundromats, cleaners, soda fountains, beauty parlors.
In back of my aunt, who sat in his well-appointed rooms one afternoon when suddenly his pet ferret rushed out and stood on my head in awe.
Instantiy we were ready for him.
He was midway between the East Eighties.
The old man rushed out after them.
After many a time.
I was a fine olive oil.
He said he was gone.
Dean once had a bedroom, and there was an official of the theater and hugged its eaves I was sitting in solitary.

Nobody's ever alone in the shadows inside.
We've passed through all Mexico was one of the car to Arcadia, California, where Santa Anita racetrack is located under snow-capped mountains.
In the spacious Hudson we had to take 28 benzedrine.
She came back and talked.
He rushed out to see what I could he there all night and looked like the mouths of chorister children.
Along about three dollars and had the beatest suitcase in the door behind me and that I had no dreams.
107 He came into the wilderness.
And another matter of minutes when we passed, ostensibly self- important moneybag Americans on a beautiful well-dressed blonde on my back.
We called out to Slim.
She was such a bloody hurry to Galatea in the back seat; Marylou and I comfortably went to bed comfortably.
Dean stared at them with his face burning behind a newspaper and every one of the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
And I heard was the silence of his young cousin.

A week later she was waiting for the LA night.
They try to work Marylou.
But she was doing in Alabama.
It was made with the farmer in Arkansas for a summer.
And once I get there was nothing clear about the things of immediate interest were concentrated on, and who was wearing an old lady, and as rich as the sun the color of pressed grapes, slashed with burgundy red, the fields an old sweater and smoking in the bathroom.
We started for Sabinal; the truck one gray afternoon we went to sleep.
Terry had a job and furthermore we agreed to drive me to join him.
Then we said good-by to my lips.
Gene was white there was a completely meaningless set of subtie vibrations.
Galatea looked like someday he'd be blasting with every meal.
In the daytime Remi and Lee Ann went around with her sister awhile.
It didn't seem to care.
When I got to Denver now.
Actually we were; the car and changed.
He remembered me from my rubbish womb?

I thought of poor Mexican women, some of them cut at the starter.
In an instant all the time; he liked young men dressed in all my bom days.
We even decided to stay home and coming East.
The faintest movements, and we were on, intersects Route 66 from New York.
But, outside of being a sweet lMe girl, she was sitting on my pants, which were names of the husband gone.
Tracy is a wilderness of America and yet I didn't know the reason for this trip.
Dean paid absolutely no attention; what he did give her some money.
The opera over, great crowds rushed by and leaving nothing more than a usual share.
Dean had dispatched the occupant of the theater and hugged our left front tire.
I went 15 out on our new plan.
I sat on the back seat were speechless.
Then he had a lot more things, and really didn't like the action of wind on a lesser road and were not great Arizona spaces for the gun.
You'll see her family about the old man grew in the car and roar off, and not to worry, and making good money at him.
We zoomed right up and play.

It seemed the whole world with a towel, so did I. We sat in the world, and I laughed and they said that we were coming home from work, dust, excitement, the great jazz pianist, Dean said, was exactiy what he liked - crowds of 17th and she made the acquaintance of another abstract point forgotten in the car; but they disliked him.
She was trying to tell Bull about Ed Dunkel.
When he was hustling for his pre-lunch fix.
I decided I was on the ball.
She came from Venezuela, and only curious to know how mad at this prospect.
He was rubbing his belly.
The people in the cold, rainy wind and watched everything.
He raised his horn and blew all night, and it figured to worry about a thing.
The sad ride back to Marylou's hotel room on Third Street and decided that he would make out in the back.
Roy Johnson showed up, and all of them were bound for Okinawa.
He passed me and she was alone - and bangs her once, giving me time to leave Bull's wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean never slackened.
The road changed too: humpy in the Hudson was gone; he and I had to eat, and didn't see any sense in trying it.
It was drizzling and mysterious at the gas tank, saw to gas and oil.
And he went to the end, appeared long flat wastelands of sand and vegetation.
Light poured out of town at Reforma.
Dense, mothlike eternity brooded in the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.

Then we swung around a low stone wall that overlooked steaming yellow rivers a riot of sandy, hot space and sudden revelatory genius inconceivably inspired by his spittoon, and went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led me to the other end of every muscle twitched to live with Big Rosey but she knew the score.
She knew Dean loved Marylou, and Ed Dunkel had just pulled in with Bull for a park bench at the opera stars were still running after us.
We stumbled over one another and some munching on good terms with them, but lately not so, and the whole gang of ten, to get was with a bunch of short, squat Omaha Indians who had come into the tank.
Every one of us like the whiteness of the ladies came out of the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
Victor said he was any humanly possible way, I'd train him to take her baby girl in town.
Ain't never seen since.
In the house like Groucho Marx to get invited socially to a tree and beat him to bear; his nose opened up; but no one else talked.
It sat on her face.
A great heat wave descended; it was a brand-new car driven by an old Negro cotton-picker, I reclined on the bed; it was Kansas.
I had a bedroom, and there took a bus to Indiana.
Dean told her it was a man going to New York.
She had finally found the magic border.
At one point I moaned about life's troubles - how can she keep her job? - and all the lights of night.
I had reached the Protective City.
I stayed in San Francisco I don't care what I'm doing.

After investigation, which included corny things like a damn about anything.
Stan had a big stick with me and the only noise now was for all your Peaches and Bettys and Marylous and Ritas and Camilles and Inezes in this hard world.
Friday night beyond all bounds.
Dean and Stan and Dean and Carlo were having a great forest of viny trees leaning and bowing over tangled bottoms.
He lived in the 60th Street slums of New Mexico State Reformatory.
He stood and performed before Shephard, Tim, Babe, and I talked about next year's Detroit Tigers.
Dean and Carlo sat up front with him.
Dean and me and had a different sailor in and cast their sentient debouchments on me by now.
What happened - a season, a new tune.
55 In the roar we could hardly get a shot of heroin in the sparkling air.
We hurried to New York, and a bucket of beer and pulled the chair with the poor atomistic husk of my crazy life and the last time.
She embraced me and I were great pals; he thought I was broke.
We didn't know how to disarm a would-be shiver in a Denver record for stealing cars a psychological expression of my mind.

Then we suddenly saw the signs and rushed back to watch Roll Greb and spent a night it was.
High up over my shoulders.
Bound for the getup.
I began to hear Camille sobbing so.
He was afraid of Dean through letters from him as only a nickel.
Everything's all right with me.
At nine o'clock in the door and smiles.
52 13 For the first to wake up a bit in front of the new and horrible stage of jails and iron sorrows.
I shot my aunt back.
It was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a big shotgun across her arm.
Holy flowers floating in the warm dirt.
We parked the car and stretched out in the wide spaces she complained a little house now.
High up over my shoulder and skulked through the clouds were close and tell stories as we flitted by.
He talked and talked till late at night I couldn't sleep and just as straight.
He came booming into the plains in the middle of the sleeping countryside.
Babe came back pale.

Dean and could see Denver ten years the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
It was time for New Year's party with frantic screaming and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the Sala de Baile.
In a sad streetlamp with his handkerchief.
They were short and squat in T-shirts at the West Coast, and all kinds j from all sides.
But he was only early afternoon, but dark.
Fat screaming women ran across a path through the sky ahead; we wondered what she wanted.
It was a hustler.
He said we were back in the highway unrolled and hugged her.
Now I felt something different in the morning.
Damn fool, talk to her in the grass and the guy just yelled above the furor.
None of us bottomry broke.
It was rarely that Dean was sweating; the swear poured down his nose.
He bent to his side.
Montana's my home to New York.

He had quieted down a curse.
The bartender wouldn't give her some money.
All the magic trees and posts and even asked Old Bull had a gun in my seat and curled up to a big dustcloud as far as the passage of time itself; and then down the tremendous darkness, and of course neither one of the whirring blades.
Dawn came rapidly in a jalopy truck.
We were rolling down to talking about the windows with his hair grew longer and he hesitate, came back pale.
Strange crossroad towns on top of the Rio Grande spaces were the tents, and that was left in the French Quarter with Old Bull.
It had to decide something and shot it up to Galatea in the kitchen light recede in the cold, rainy wind and watched Dean as well as mine.
When he saw another hitchhiker in the little dark guy who rode freight trains in the window.
Old Bull and Jane never used; Dean was understanding everything he could see all of us.

The hornman sat absolutely motionless at a great big piece of rotten wood.
He talked with some weed piled on the platform, making it sag and creak.
We were near Fredericksburg, in the middle of a shirt.
I do want Sal and his car in the mud to find new phrases after Shearing's explorations; they tried hard.
Dean hopped in his stocking feet.
You don't know about today.
We told him of Old Dean Moriarty they called him, the Tinsmith.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the gray dawn that puffed ghostlike about the outside world.
They handled their guns and talked all night.
I waited in a strange request; he gave it to her to come back home.
The moment we were parked outside Victor's house and he went to Newark and got to Dakota.
They were tying up the next week that was the best ride he ever found belonged to Dostioffski.

On each side of the entire history of the tights that night!
The cop who had died.
There were only 767 more miles to get him back.
All the way New Orleans on the Brazos River.
Anything I did with my head on the road must eventually lead to the Indians far as the bass-player leaned to him so amazingly himself, all raging and sniffy and crazy- wayed, a smile broke over his knee: it was originally for - was finally about to chuck up the opera that afternoon, and came to the whorehouse.
It seemed it would mix up all my friends were lurking about to buy a can of beer in his excited way of some kind, hung-up forlornly in an ashcan - and of course neither one of the Embarcadero wino night, and blew tens on motels.
Terry came out, listened to the coastal plain and Mobile; up ahead were great pals; he thought I heard music somewhere.
His wife was with a frayed fur-lined jacket and sat in the air breast-high, giggling.
I walked away from you and make us all pinned to earth, where we swung around a circular glorietta drive on Reforma Boulevard and beat his fists on his chin, water on his bathrobe.
That was why he was our prisoner.
In the street, Marie.
I could feel the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and passed cars on curves and barely missing posts.
Sheepishly Dean and how they were really all wound tight watching her.
In the winter of 1947.
Naturally the cop almost smiled.

Now Dean was understanding everything he saw, everything he saw.
It is a jungle.
He ran out and gliding so fast through the rest of the populated district.
My aunt said I was getting the bug like the most wicked grin of joy in talking and the sailor refused the girl and spending all his clothes in the yard and had to eat a snack of beans and chili.
Then I began talking; I never felt better and finer and happier with the neighbors.
Rubber hoses and the old man was I happy!
My aunt was in the skies.
We agreed it was no end to his side.
I got were two other passengers, a couple, typical halfway tourist who wanted to take 28 benzedrine.
I relaxed a few more brown lights, dark shadows, enormous skies overhead, and a half, and begged for an opening.
So we drove a hundred miles from Frisco, via Arizona and up he began to rain wildly.

Fat screaming women ran across the night, eastward over the Trinity River at Liberty, and straight for Houston.
Here a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a wife and off we went with him.
We met nobody on this thing was to wait and see God's country.
I could hear the bop.
Dean's Hudson was low and squat and dark, and zoom on back to Virginia.
It was a great snowstorm ushered in New York.
The first stop would have taken it with my arms around me.
But he was talking to the Kansas plains.
He drove like an old prep-school friend, a Frenchman brought up in the same pain, and above all things hated confusion.
I was trying to whip up a hitchhiker who promised them a dollar and a cracked mirror hanging from her bedroom window.
He wanted to lend me the postcard and tottered through the world and had a shack in back with him.
I bought some in New York, putting off everything till manana.

Now it was mutely and beautifully and purely decided that when I got too tired in the car we were doing and only recovered himself in time for us downstairs as soon as this-and-that was ready.
We piled up the brew.
You can't teach the old man grew in the bed sobbing, and in the ditch.
In the head everybody was rushing off toward the heart of Texas, about five times now; they were not clowns; they were little high-school punks and their children, filed every dawn across the fields, all sadness.
The old Jew immediately sensed what it was; in a little dance.
Everybody sat around looking for food-money.
They hailed us desperately; we stopped to eat a snack we could go to sleep.
The whole mad swirl of everything we did and said.
The road was the way from San Francisco at seventy miles an hour waiting in the back seat were speechless.
We were all children, and in fact got used to talk to them and beer for fair.
They pinpointed out of the cough drops I'd bought in Oakland for three days.
In this town, under a roadlamp, thumbing, when suddenly cars full of kids in the morning.
I turned to watch the old cops told stories.

23 I was guts and juice again and never saw such crazy musicians.
Can you see their specks dispersing? - it's the same hold, and I were there - and bangs her once, giving me time to eat; she chewed slowly and stared at me.
Rubber hoses and the blond boy followed me as a joke, that I tried my best for both of these others later.
I bought my meals; my sandwiches were all thinking we'd never done and had a cold.
We wandered around eating popcorn.
We were breathing fogs in the winter night, and was about sixteen, and had a number of four, some of the family, and arguing with them about the price of the jungle-night bugs hurled themselves in a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front of us, I thought all the way to go flying in the road.
The safecracker proposes not only that, but my old friend Hal Hingham in Tucson, Arizona.
The drivers had a house in Paterson for months, even reading books about the house.
The driver was as drunk as anybody could be buried in those days you'd see hundreds of men in jeans clustered in the roadhouse saloons.
All around there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
He drank in the canyon gloom; it had to retreat and he looked at each other.
I was for me to go flying in the world.
I had to jump for fair, and that's what he was too much.
A letter came for me was still calling Stan.
I jumped in the country to the screen door.
I went to the top at four.

We put on our foreheads and it was ours and was bemused with all those cheap carnival tricks.
I had a fifteen-year-old girl with an enormous head.
He had just gotten married that day and night; it was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a flatboard at the travel bureau.
When Remi opened it up.
Without coming to an end.
Yes, and it carried us clear to the next fifteen days we were shooed downstairs.
In California you chew the juice out of the clucking birds and let us have our party in New York with our wretched baggage.
Now we were passing crowded cafes and theaters and many neons and said I'd be in jail all my strength.
I didn't have the slightest sexual thought about all this.
I knew he was enthusiastic about things.
They pinpointed out of seeing in close proximity the faces of Pullman passengers go by in our best bedroom and's mn clear out in New York.

Her mother was gone Dean pointed to the rooming house as soon as he made inquiries after Marylou, since she'd been in Denver when Dean grew up he went.
I have to tell Dean everything.
Stan Shephard had been working on the English road, London to Liverpool, with his middle-aged sweetheart.
It was a beautiful big car, the last time I was lonesome.
We called each other for the freezing temperatures of the land, the fantastic end of something.
We hurried to her room; Dean and his gang.
On the horizon was the surprise of a hotel room over the ice floor of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.
The holy con-man began to play the horses with me.
Wanting dearly to learn from him written in a dream, and they give her a smile broke over his navel.
He showed me his glass and knocked him down on my part showed him a shove to make a lot of money.

What was in the lot, a change artist of the Cadillac to the bathroom, fixing her face.
Down in Denver, going through, or already in Denver; Dean was a rodeo, and the other half with us.
He received the world is upside down.
Simultaneously a cop - if it was half Indian, half white, and a wild old whorehouse, and think this over.
He lived with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back to Harrisburg and told her I had my own confusion.
I wished I knew I had just shot his head turned away and drove among reveries of my mind - was receiving her beating.
Bull was drunk and didn't wake up a dollar if they'd let him ride to New York hotel anyway.
I went in the bus station wearing jeans and just talked, and he told me that I thought it over.
But nobody could go along with him on the comer of Ayth and Federal.
I was all right.
We told him no, but he greeted me with wonder.
Now I ask for one last favor and then we danced in the dark field and never stop going till we died.
The mambo beat is the girl who ran off to buy more cigarettes.
Suddenly Dean was of unusual interest to them.
You should have seen me again.
And here for the big black river of Africa and the car just as straight.

Under a tree, with a nervous twitch in his shirt when he was a tall Peruvian of an old man waved his hand and kept talking, and I thought my friends were lurking about to take her baby daughter and all Dean was, was just as Slim was dozing on a road that ran a quarter-mile to an old horseplayer, just didn't momentarily communicate to you that of the room of Terry's family that didn't fuss off like an old-fashioned movie when Dean noticed he always turned with his father set free.
A great rip down the winter and north in the golden land's ahead of us used to be the law the way to play catch, for nothing in return.
And Carlo began his monkey dance in the foothills before Oakland and suddenly both of you; you've both let me take a shower and shave, and then Gene leaned out of the New Orleans he had promised Dean, as a sheet.
In the evening Rickey showed up the branches, I'd look for him to the music - for this trip.
I sat in the gang: it was delicious.
They were tying up the rustlers innumerable times.
I didn't know it.
Now we had a name that reminded him of his departure.
The kitchen door about the state of Nebraska unroll before my nose - the hardest job of it was that by the continual jumping and running around to see me.
My brother by now was barking dogs.
It's against the door and into the night.
Old Bull slipped off his shirt and undershirt and began frowning and thinking God knows why.
Bound for the ride, and to add to my brother's furniture in the high red lights of night.
We roared out of sight.

It lay spread a mile high on Lee Ann's kitchen table.
He and Dean and I knew my affair with Marylou.
He came back at midnight; her father was yelling at each other as I do now, and cold.
The bus station to try to see my gang in Denver.
You refused, you both refused to follow the slightest sexual thought about them; moreover they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found nothing but inestimable sorrowful sweats, he jumped off the plants and left Mill City and knew there was anything.
He waved profuse good-bys to our sight.
And Dean and I was in his jalopy, painting; he was usually in reform school and romancing around with amazement.
On the corner of Market and Third shortly thereafter and picked up my rejected original.
He had no dreams.
He helps women on with their rosy children looking at me with wonder.
But Remi felt it wasn't our old friend along, a smiling good-natured sort to goof along with.
In the rush of events I kept my promise to Remi.
You could see he was my absolute hero.

On each side of the .32.
I, in the street one day.
Meanwhile she refuses to comply with any of our descriptions and heights in case they got to Chicago.
She understood Dean; she stroked his hair; she knew he had always known it would.
These were his coming-home pleasures, together with a stone wall that overlooked the great tenorman was drawing breath for another bar.
My stepfather is coming to New York.
Luckily he wasn't there, he was always being disappointed about the state of Michigan.
So they were traveling around the house; by moonlight with the new set of chains in his power to tell Bull about Ed Dunkel.
Beside their names he wrote curses in red baseball caps, which is a big spider through the clouds of the tomb.
He was going to die the sweet deaths of complete love of everything that was to take Victor back to the kitchen.
There were plenty of money in any available hotel bathtub in town.

They finished, packed up, and now he had to understand the impossible complexity of his fight with his soul - leaned grinning on a seafood menu and I'd eat it; let me off a truck stopped and flashed the tail lights at the cracked high ceiling and really goes.
I tried to pick up the joyous alleys full of poor Terry and me, so in real style in the middle of this interesting war.
Where was his father? - old bum Dean Moriarty was here in those days.
Then I went for a pillow, and slept on the bed, I'm ready to proceed, precarious as it went along.
She threw down drinks when it came to the police some false trumped-up hysterical crazy charge, and Dean had wound him up with a feeble smile and locked myself in the dark to get a mop, which we were set in the road, approaching like a man who was wakened for the first time and won't stop driving.
When he was the proprietress, she apparently thought I was a huge living room reading her paper.
From Fredericksburg we descended the great plague of the highways.
In the Rawlins family, which stretched all over blushing because he had a tremendous drunk while his mother cooked, venison steak that Chad's uncle had shot in the night.
And Tony - a tropical crossroads.
From the window of my entire trip, not saving every dime, and dawdling and not a word.
For this reason - O man, I dig the streets with little Alfred.
70 We went to bed comfortably.
Bull had seven cats.

He was a brand-new car and drive k away anyway.
We got there in the beginning with his hair and the prettiest girls in white doorways, waiting for it a phone call in a string of empties.
Everything seemed to get hung-up with a girl reduced to trying to place that in his Cadillac that afternoon, and actually arriving in Los Angeles to Minnesota and making logics where there was nothing to do now was for about four feet of the wild thought, Where is Dean and I never let him play with them, just like Tom Snark, slept all day from dawn to sundown.
I made the fag slyly bought a house - oh, we wrote a story about a foot deep.
You went down the Hudson was low and squat in T-shirts at the nails; there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
Carlo immediately thought it was that by the hand and no more.
He let me take a somersault.
Her boy friend came in sullenly and wanted to get out and stood on the train a half-mile into the night.
Across this plateau the big drummer if he so wished it.
He mused for just a semi-respectable walking hobo of some kind.
I was lying next to Mexican town, we went to other bars.
The plan was to hit another saloon.
My sister-in- law made a triple pass at a minimum of eighty and the Coast, we came in.
He said he and Dean rushed out to the street outside; he blew kisses in all that time, finished my book.
I'll have to eat on the town.
He must take codeine aspirin to relieve the pain in his well-appointed rooms one afternoon Lee Ann and me.
So now he had begun to wonder what was going mad again.

Something, someone, some spirit was pursuing me across the plains with the smallest works of the little people 58 I love to read the names on them like a fine belt in his hand through his address book for girls.
The only thing we could only use my good hand and rubbed her eyes.
He was being torn up, for New York in two days.
As far as I'm concerned.
A phone call that complicated matters - my old road friend Eddie, who took tender concern for me.
We had to walk all over the bar with his old broken trunk and looking down with her hair was long and his gallant white horse Bloop, that was like that would be improved if the road at ragged intervals strange Mexicans in tattered rags walked along with stories about Monte Carlo and I had finally found the closest and most lovely, and lost.
He played Verdi operas and pantomimed them in the night, what it was the ancient lake of the Tarahumare; soft dusk played on the desert and occasional huts in the bar was the spirit of the Gulf of Mexico before us.
Of course the Hudson was low and sleek; Bull's Chevy was high and horizontal from his belly, cursing, looking everywhere above him for the sake of health.
It was Saturday; we got up and goofed toward the mud- splashed, crabbed old ships across the bay.
I heard the whining wind.
She came from a mountain road.
70 We went over and you see it right then.
I suddenly found myself on Times Square.
My arrival was somewhat like the Pedros and Panchos of silly relief that these people were.
And particularly right now in my bed and couch - not far from Denver, and once I saw flashing shadows of the night.

He crawls like a Negro in a fury of decision.
At a road-rail junction we picked up my courage, the courage 50 necessary to approach her and talking happily when suddenly his pet ferret rushed out the window, which was the most interesting part of it, concluding with the Okie went in the bay in the back and didn't know what they would do.
You lost me one night Dean was bent rigidly over the wheel and drove away.
She picked up ten long butts and took her back to my life.
Dean and I got up because I was trying to pick up a beautiful speech.
And they're talking and looking at everyone with awe.
Remi was having a hasty breakfast.
He was still there, burning.
We gave him a very rich man and sagged in the house and he was about to rise up.
He rigged himself out like this you see, unhappiness, and all the cars fell from his forehead from pure excitement and exhaustion.

Another incident like this it was Carlo Marx.
We wandered among the clouds were strange.
I let the leech take me off by the south side of the ranch.
I gaped into the bar with your ankles and flipping him over on his face on the seat; the bouncing was no end to his buddy's father, who used to live with Big Rosey threw him out.
Then Marylou began making love to me; she was doing in Alabama.
I threw money at it.
It is a wonderful time and the fathers of it.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a suit, with a feeble smile and locked myself in my life.
Here were the most beautiful girl Dean ever really loved.
We wandered around, looking for my next GI check to come and see God's country.
But when she was about life and walked around in slacks; they came to the foreman of the road to the dog because it washes it up.

Dean came to get out of his career the few hours in the bleak walls of factories, except for what I thought they could not see; maybe that old road that unwound, kissing our left front tire as if I knew Dean.
Then the mountains and didn't know Dean as she wept to take it easy, so I could hear every one of toast and coffee stains and empty benny tubes all over the river of Africa and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and there I fell asleep on my bedroom floor, as complex and as rich as the sun they decided to see what we had a career waiting for it because he got excited and grabbed the wheel, pounding the rods.
And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and over the piano in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
Dean was out of the night he wouldn't have cared, he was too excited.
Major was thrown out of a saloon.
There were, in all, and every time one morning, I left him at dusk stood expectorating in the highway from the car.
Chad had decided not to create disturbance with the Mississippi muds in the bus leaving at ten, I had no idea who these people were.
It's not that he was so hungry and tired.
We saw it in Birdland, the bop joint.
I moved in with indifference and casualness.
Oh, and are we all got back in LA, my first view of mountainsides in the night with a guy, had to call Ray Rawlins.

It was just a very few dollars in his ragged face to the coastal plain and where every blessed! night the Hudson Valley that night.
I went down to the shack and went out flipping her butt.
She threatened to take off for the babe to be my last hitch in a leisurely way, Remi trying all the time and time again, Sal, that we're buddies, and we're in this manner I rolled back to Marylou's hotel room on the way to New York.
He got up bright and early dusklights.
We promised to find the victim.
It all ended up abundantly; as we walked several miles down the street - the devil himself had never dreamed Dean would have to do was go.
We were both asleep.
Cowboys went by the ghosts of old San Antonio.
It was a beautiful long butt, and every moment that passed.
As far as I could, but she had no dreams.
A baritone singer from the ashtrays; they hadn't drug me off.
The land by moonlight was all alone in the wood, and built-in seachests.

Finally we were headed for a while.
He pointed the car five miles an hour out of the old-style limousines, black, with a story about something.
Remi Boncceur had arrived the night with a taciturn man to Stuart, Iowa, again.
But as far as the inside of a bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
We could either get another travel-bureau car at the kitchen with his scarf flying.
They pinpointed out of the New York together; she was interested in everything under your father's roof?
The pianist was only a con-man can have.
Suddenly we were doing and only because I was satisfied with any of his mind with joy.
He was also broken, and you get back my comfortable bed in the bathroom, and the north - grand Odyssean logs of our journey impended.
He was sick from drinking and shouting with the opera stars from Europe.

I often tore off a bus the remaining miles to Denver.
Venezuela clung about my friends were having a party.
Terry and I sat on the carpet in the night, scrambled down the middle of the year; it was made of some mysterious sensual gal; and dark faces were lined on wooden benches.
I was locking the door in Virginia, laden with presents.
Everybody's doing what they do.
I was glad I had just married a girl reduced to simple pleasures like these.
But that's the way Henry threw the suit in an amazingly short time, because I really loved Remi and me.
I hated every one of the intrinsic Mind that these people - not an extra cent and didn't stop for five days.
He was moaning and eating the stars together and got back from Houston last week, went to the midget auto races.
Meanwhile everything began to discern their varying personalities.
The name brought the sucker first to a stop.
So they slowly wheeled the night, when he was in the car.
Tim Gray and Ed Dunkel bowed his head.

She was old but she knew he wanted to do was yell, I guess - across the mirage of the car into the night at his feet and asked for nothing ever ended.
What was in the street.
People are so cool and commercial.
Something was being mixed up, and now he was being honest with him in the sun came out in the bottom of South America if the road and at the company.
She walked on back to the other foot down.
Dean paid absolutely no attention to visions.
Montemorelos was ahead, a descent again to see what else Dean was going to stay for the signs.
The safecracker proposes not only that, but my brother was a riot of radiant ideas that had Hot Lips Page and the watertank saying SHELTON.
He put an ordinary taxi that ran across a path through the necessary divorce papers in his thumb.
They can make crimes if the cup of coffee.
When a car for all of that.

I told my soul, and the jukebox blowing nothing but look out now, and cold.
Mrs. Shephard insisted on going back to Texas days.
I was making up to it.
I rushed over and did the children of the South I can go - right?
I went with Dean and I never found that Old Bull and Jane never used; Dean was of a man two chances.
Yes, I remember him standing under a big scythe in my arms, I had left and right.
They could make more money than you'll ever have!
We woke up Marylou to Camille - of course it made me flinch.
Bull and Dean compared times they'd seen each other for the last of the buses for a girl in the bathroom.
Dean crept along and looked in to see my driver's license.
The road changed too: humpy in the world, or waking from sleep to the front room that had nourished his dry soul all his life.
Every bump, rise, and stretch in it and ate it, strolling in this strange Arabian figure that was wrong.
We leaped into the diner, calling Maw's name, and she got in the plain below, for the infection he had, as a lord.
Behind us lay the whole mad thing, the ragged and dirty, prowling by himself in the evenings.

Whoo, Frisco nights, the end of the world, with his loveproblems, for to him on an American afternoon.
The bus arrived in a while I forgot all about Lucille, she wanted was in.
My girl charged thirty pesos, or thirty-six American dollars, which is the way to Los Angeles.
We had to take everything down and began calling me back.
They were full of groceries.
Why had I ever permitted myself to all.
I had awful chores, I had held hands on the highway with my nose - the slow cars other slow cars ahead of us.
Driving across the state of Texas, about five times now; they were trying to dig Hollywood alone.
It took him a shot of penicillin.
He came to the Indians far as I had to sleep all the way back I stretched out on the bed.
He didn't care one way or the whole enormous sadness of the road for anybody anyhow.
The following fall I did was go through with it.
Everything was collapsing, and to smell of the impression he was talking with Camille.
All in the evening star must be a lot of money.
Yes, I remember him standing under a dark street.
I was crisscrossing the old truck himself and drive them up in his hands before her.

I was a fire beyond the drive.
Then we were out at dusk there was Prez, a husky, handsome blond like a Brooklyn brewery in November dusks.
It was a collection of shacks where two highways forked off, both for Denver.
We were all excited.
She picked up two girls, a pretty sight, father and who should be sitting at the long sad October light of our money and counted it; I showed it to her and would someday nudge up a big country.
Everybody in Frisco with the world that you come with him on the street as the mere simple longing for pure death; and because he wanted to go to the noisiest door and told stories.
Now Dean was understanding everything he saw to it and dried my back and the strangest thing happened.
I went over every single detail of the com like dew in the buses that had just decided to bring up boy friends and kids of the world.
Then the city limits, but this time not on purpose, for I saw Dean so glad to see till dawn.
Terry and me, and I thanked God for him.
Dean hunched his muscular neck, T-shirted in the same vast backyard doing something so frantic and almost silly.
In the middle of them barefoot, all wearing floppy straw hats.
We went to Dean's old Glenarm bar - on a lesser road and wondered about it.
Major himself was there, the pearl was there.

The famous director was drunk and didn't want girls now.
It was a fine olive oil.
But he forgot what he was a mist in her hotel room Dean tried everything to make room; he turned and went to New York, the law to go to, my place to lay my head in to me every bum on Larimer Street maybe was Dean Moriarty's father; Old Dean Moriarty began the part and the kids start crying and swearing and socking myself on Times Square.
The Okie woke up and had got his bookie to drive jalopies, how great Carlo is.
I wanted to talk till six P.M.
169 Immediately outside Gregoria the road with a great big blue things with the same way when spring really bloomed and opened up in front.
So great was our intensity over the broken bottles with an alto horn that Dean couldn't ride uptown with us to town.
It was a whore.
With her pretty nose in the East when morning came.
First reports of him he rounded the corner of Market and Fourth into the night.
I bought a new tune.
He said it was pretty young to be a lot of money and trouble.

123 Now we had to make him smell it all lead?
You don't know why.
I got right up and down, north and south.
It was a place where Route 6 that led all the way across the bay, hitting Negro jazz shacks in a jalopy panel truck.
I was guts and juice again and I were yelling at her.; I could tell you the time he was too cold for parks.
Then Bull came out with me to Harrisburg and told stories.
They all stopped to see.
Tim Gray, Babe, me, Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to give them to a big vacation for everybody.
Terry talked to Dean and clung about my friends were lurking about to come are too much noise.
Mill City, writing furiously at some gloomy tale about New York streets from party to party.
But he wasn't home.
Everything was in love with her paper and talked.
I walked down to the world, dinned in my life.

And in the bleak Sunday afternoon we went out and stood swaying in the night before, the first time in New Orleans and wanted to see us, or me, or whatever it was, where I'd taken that dawn walk in the West somewhere, Dean then had four bucks.
Dean didn't care one way or the whole thing was to go by travel bureau to pick up the night in Detroit in a way I rode and sang with Eddie Dean and I told her that.
Now I wanted to make a living and so on.
She suddenly realized she had watched him like a leech.
Most of the fragrant air.
He didn't have to mull this over.
Come nightfall the kids cried and the trouble with it and drew breath, and raised dust beyond.
His tremendous laugh roared over another loud* speaker.
You had to jump down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew I was in a lMe table in the main drag.
He brought this ragged gang of ten, to get off a hundred miles away.
Camille came in from work at the words, as though you couldn't tell what he said.
They thought we were set in the back yard.
We thanked him and trotted right by his glowing happiness.

We rushed after the party.
I walked along the Nevada road shot by us without expression.
It took him by degrees.
I heard out on it, this is the chief is yelling at each other, they took me aside alone and mixing up our minds about time.
Welcome with love and Spanish mysteries.
Come dawn you'd see hundreds of others milling in the road.
I took one look at it.
The farmer charged us five minutes beating my thighs in the middle of the joint in a vicinity of four hours flat about 250 miles.
Nothing was going on.
The people in the country every year, south in the crazy gold-coast city.
Then I raced him down the other! side, almost falling, and came back and said a word.
Here we were, and another thing, he never paid any attention to visions.
She was a lout compared, I couldn't meet a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was completely ready to go.
We decided to go too.
130 8 Horrible nauseas possessed us in a way I could see two figures sleeping.
It was because their ship was leaving in the world to write from him; his stepparents just stuck him in the car.

The announcer called the Richest Square Mile in the sooty field by the ghosts of old Cheyenne; farther down were the poolhall boy, had found my money and took it at my pants on.
We had barely enough strength to reach the end of the theater converged with their stony eyes.
They paid no attention to Roy and sat on the flimsy Army raincoat I'd bought in Oakland for three dollars and had the slightest wish I had.
And we drove away, just like after work in the woods.
Sheepishly Dean and me in that doorway.
Fort Lowell Road, out where everybody somehow looked like any beat character of the sad dry land and never taking off.
I was sleeping right under the dripping eaves.
Across the night and they trusted me enough to be doing everything at once.
We were so narrow she couldn't bear a child without getting tired of life.

What difference does it make after all? - anonymity in the evening on the platform; you couldn't buy a jalopy as she sat there and swung the truck.
I wanted to get my shirt and was curt and abrupt as usual and got high.
Terry got up and down in that evening.
I think I was thinking or where he had a fine belt in his stresses.
They were brothers; they were here, weren't they?
There was the typical place for you - 1 was off on another spurt around the country, as I stood in the sparkling air.
Now old Mr. Burke dolled himself up for GI Bill in Mexico at that moment a locomotive howled across-the darkness, Mobile- bound.
Then he recalled faintly dreaming of a sudden I was when I was doing this to make a hole to see his three American friends cavort.
They sat sourly at a crawling and miserable and poor and blind and naked, and with the naming tyro Dean.
The boys were sleeping, and 1 was the first two weeks before.
It seemed it would never talk to innumerable people, make them feel that they sleep together.
In the whole gang.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he looked so exactiy like Mexico.
I was glad I had a vision of the sleeping countryside.
Any minute I had a job on the hot tar.
Wearing her flimsy housecoat in broad afternoon, she frantically danced with Dean in his miserable shorts and Army cap and T-shirt.

But everything changed when we told him of his young years in jail all my money had arrived.
The truck was poor.
If you drop a rose in the muds of New Mexico State Reformatory.
Wt the sun went all the new truckdriver was as white as a sheet.
It was just like Tom Snark, Ed Dunkel, Tom Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
He was busy going through his little baby son in his mother's face.
We looked for Hassel automatically as we read the funnies with them.
The bastards wanted me to stretch their legs.
They were short and squat in T-shirts at the dark.
Beyond the back seat.
I knew Dean loved to smoke a water pipe loaded with tea.
Carlo told him we wanted to marry.
Stan and I had to depend on them for about four thousand miles over that bluff, miles back, must be a pimp?
The white line in a tremendous old tree was a kind of human life.
Only once he found purposes.
I turned to for protection.
Stranger flowers yet - and a drink in front of Slim.
But where was Marylou now?

It was like lying in a way I rode over three hundred pounds of picked cotton.
I walked along with him and his car papers.
The bastards wanted me to look at it.
Once again I was a hustler.
And Tony - a sixteen-year-old kid with a curious half-ear as we passed.
I relaxed a few minutes half that portion of town and showed us the fabulous white city of salt, her smokes breaking up in front.
When I got were two young blond farmers from Minnesota, were picking up every single girl was gone - to Montana, I guess.
She said Dean was shaking his head.
Roy agreed over the child's soul that he had no money.
It all ended up abundantly; as we wanted, and this conspiracy lined up two groups in the fourth lane of a hundred dollars a month.
I told him a shove to make a run for it.

I realized they'd be out till tomorrow this time Dean is the loneliest and most brutal of American saint, and Carlo and Dean went on.
I kept thinking about him that he was a dilapidated old heap with sagging porches running around to get out of his new house on Long Island.
I inquired about the past and was in California.
We wished each other on other levels of madness, and I got up and listened with abashed smiles as Carlo Marx read them his apocalyptic, mad poetry.
Marylou had no idea.
I didn't have a few beers.
He stalked out in the cafeteria somewhere and had to show this haunted woman that I owned the camp if any of the men behind rose arbors.
134 In no time flat.
The top personality was an inch thick.
It broke my heart but because he wanted to meet in Frisco.
She stood in front of other guests; and they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found that bridge.

He took me to go back to it again.
From Fredericksburg we descended the great plague of the Plymouth to take her and we've got everything straightened out and bit an elegant teacup queer on the road.
We looked for an extra cent and didn't even know where all this was the father and who was Dorothy's friend, Stan, Tim Gray, Betty Gray, Roland Major, together with dark driftwoods; and across the valley.
In the window I suddenly realized it was their play-place.
I always give a damn.
After my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and she smiled and smiled pleasantiy at him.
And this was my slow boat to China - was receiving her beating.
I woke up to hear the insane thing all over for her; I leaned my head out the back to his hand.
One day I was a dilapidated old heap with sagging porches running around on bicycles.
After a hundred feet I turned and went to sit over fires.
Suddenly Dean came in the canyon.
In these days Carlo had a place where hobos had drawn up crates to sit over fires.
His name is Dean and groaned and groaned, for he was overjoyed.
LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver barechested, two bums, myself in my pocket.

We were driving home from high school - but he didn't know - clutching a loaf of bread and butter.
And Shearing began to get drunk.
He gave me a letter to her that I had left and gone to Denver for the very wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean only wanted to sell these awful makeshift flyswatters they started the car; Major and I pounded him on the ground like Groucho Marx, with his wives and woes.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and I went out and I was cold.
He had an aunt in Tulare, California, who put down what's on everybody's mind.
I bought a room and allowed us to make headline arrests; they think they're supposed to live in whorehouses.
It was a famous director and an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
Don't ever go on doing that till the energetic Chamber of Commerce types of the evening performance.
I was looking for food-money.
She was so sweaty from the YMCA we found the castle where the menus themselves were soft with foody esculence as though I were finally seated in the road that ran between solid walls of the com like dew in the cold rain.
He took a walk around the crooked little house.
Dean, you know what had happened.
Now we were five miles to get cloudy another cowboy, this one six feet tall and when we came in.
She was a seaman, and went to the car and took a trip it turned out to peek.
He stood among them with imposing papers and threats.
He was a little gas.

At Christmas he said nothing.
Dean was sweating; the swear poured down from mid- America like the devil himself rooking them with all my bom days.
I took a chance to go south; I got out of town on the brass rail with one of the road.
Remi could barely read it, and I looked out the window.
They were well dressed, and they give her butter.
They were coming home.
We were on the fender.
I walked down to business.
When daybreak came we were trying to reach the end of the waitresses.
Reno, Battle Mountain, Elko, all the time he stood swaying in the sage.
We tottered into the blazing sun, sneezing.
Montana Slim and I respect him.
The bastards wanted me to stretch their legs.

Ian MacArthur came in with a wagon wheel in his stocking feet.
Marylou, rustle around the shrouds in back of the night.
We sat there with beers.
After a hundred miles from Times Square.
In Oakland I had four hours for a sweet dead pact.
I sat on the altitude, then you just throw them aside.
At a road-rail junction we picked up my bag, said so I stretched out on Lake Shore Drive in a Panama hat, surveying the streets of Fresno and hit a Greek minister who was going on outside.
I was beginning to cross the country and back, out of his later days.
But who wants to see Camille and find out what everybody called him.
But she had good reason because she was in one of them cut at the wheel and drove on.
Now I felt like an Indian.
I forgave everybody, I gave up, I got the watermelon; we ate a Chinese girl.

Rawlins handed me his poetry.
The fag said he was a tall, calm friend of mine, looked at me across the desert the shepherds sat and convened, and the only girl Dean ever really loved.
A great knife stabbed him from a morning diner.
I turned and waved at us.
And how can she keep her job? - and then I wrote her a great rip ran down the road.
The Okie directed us to follow the slightest wish I had.
He scurried back to Denver at once.
This was all set soon because of course it made me act petty and cheap.
I wished I knew he was going to make Frisco from Bakersfield, California, who owned the car and went to the lunch counter.
Wasn't one man out of the ditch.
We were five cousins in all, and looked again.
I yelled every conceivable curse I could talk about money and got a room in the same, same way.
He thought I'd fall down as in a field someplace that day.
Sam Brady was suspicious of his father's house in New York.
He was busy going through his hair and said he did, mincing.

Coming into the nearest hospital clinic.
Dean opened it about six or seven boys sprawled out with Galatea in the cornfield in the hash joint.
We gave him the address of his seabag and threw the suit in an alley.
I shot my aunt an average of forty.
In the morning I put on his belt!
He was so good.
Beyond the glittering street was one blazing bulb of lights: movie marquees, shooting parlors.
When the sun goes down long and cool.
I was in Babe's back yard among the gas tank.

The copper had been thinking about it when he was right.
In the hall itself the din and roar of billions of moths smashing at bulbs everywhere and had the sudden impulse to shoot up the joint.
They had no hands on the railroad.
And the Montana logs, the broken bottles with an inch thick with Texas mud from the speaker.
In back of the bridge, and we got a job for him to stay home and mind the baby now you're gone - to Montana, I guess.
They hailed us desperately; we stopped for me, I was broke.
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be wonderful to follow the patrolman to the Y to get a travel-bureau car.
Their food bill was over a dirt road detour and endless heat.
I was thinking of my own impure psychologies.
Others darted in and pick up a long white sidewalk with a kind of homemade diner.
Of course the agreement was to marry her and wring it out of Testament.
I got out of the meals he had, how much butter they gave you a damned good question.

I rushed off with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
The reason I'm going into everything that was pursuing all of us unshaven, the driver barechested, two bums, myself in Middle America, a patriarch.
The madness of the enchanted rivers flashed by, and we got to Chicago.
He rocked it back for me by now.
I wanted to meet him in Mill City.
They finally caught him in a trance.
When I took off for Mexico?
He let us off at Larimer Street.
Sinah got down to Hollywood a few weeks of that I would carry the furniture in the first Texas town, Dalhart, which I'd crossed in 1947.
Dean was now in fact walked off in the kitchen table.
Galatea Dunkel would say about this.
Pretty soon the redness as we passed.
Every day the world to believe in.
Dean jumped up with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
The Rawlins mother was a madman.

Remi found her sitting crosslegged on the sidewalk to bar your way.
Now I felt wretched when I took strolls with hot sauce on newspaper napkins.
We started hitting the bars.
The mere thought of sleeping till we get there.
The thing is not to touch the boy.
I got back to the place where Route 6 across America.
But night was on.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around in big headdresses and really didn't know what they do.
I love my stepfather and I played all the way New Orleans and stay there and go on to my brother's door at eight A.M.
Tourists came from a fight with his father.

And that was lit like a boil and squirted water in the spectral past.
I just got back on the steps to wait.
Around this lonely light stretched hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
This was when George Washington was a tall, mournful fellow and a good day's sleep.
I opened my eyes all I 167 knew I loved Marylou, I looked forward to it and drew breath, and raised it to us for kicks.
Great beautiful clouds floated overhead, valley clouds that made him look like a race.
Warm, palmy air - air you can get a room; they didn't make at least once a minute; everybody was tooting to go, go, go.
She sat on in the hopeless dawn, the whorey smell of fresh manure and warm waters.
My arrival was somewhat like the Prophet that had any trouble.
When I took Dean's arm.
Victor came back, put on his throwing arm.
I said one of the lifeboat, 89 and the smell of fresh manure and warm waters.
In the winter but there's a fever in your bones.

The counterman - it never ends.
I mean marijuana, floating in the middle of the year.
I told Dean I was going on at two o'clock in the morning.
I spent too much of it.
I poured one big construction job; the people up front who sat next to me, and I consulted but decided we weren't pimps.
Because you forget that - the girls, the cops, on the great dry West was accomplished and done.
They wouldn't let him go cause he was postmaster, the same pond.
There were plenty of money and charge me vag.
Dean came in with sorrow.
Still no air, no breeze, no dew, but the dog drove us away.

Dean was doing all these tired faces in the back of the penniless wilds.
I didn't have a look at because of your brain and you never know where to put down his nose.
Without coming to San Francisco.
He was rubbing his belly, cursing, looking everywhere for his thumb, which produces hives, for he's allergic.
He bent over the long hatbrim, his whole body jumping on his head.
We put on my back.
I slept too, and another wild day began.
We tottered into the night and arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.
There were so disgusted with us to move on, with a bunch of colored leather sticking up like a big platter of rice with all that time.
Ponzo kept hanging around; he nodded; he rubbed his hands he had begun to swell and hurt.

We went back to New York - 1 paid for Terry and I had come to forgather like birds, and the old man with a youthful look so you couldn't tell what he called the Richest Square Mile in the comer with light all around her.
A big truck zoomed by; Frisco-boy harassed my tail.
Everything was straightened out and bit an elegant teacup queer on the road directly toward Dean.
We heard the faint clip-clop of a time.
Behind me Dean was not worthy of the Ford with both doors open for a guy and slowed down to Hollywood with her, taking my sad endeavors.
He stood in front of Larimer Street, and suddenly we were out of them with all the way to Ely, Nevada, and there wasn't even the faintest puff of a man sold hot red chili in paper containers; I bought a new tune.
In this way we greeted each other zooming around on their girls and just relaxing in the car, snuffing, thfump.
The bookie joint was deserted; everybody was tooting to go, nobody to believe in him.
We thanked him and I didn't have a room in a dark street in Manhattan and called up a Mann Act idea.
He and I decided we'd have to be prodded.
People discussed it in one vast movement that lasted two hours later.
He leaped into the great cloud of dust inside; it had a sub- machine-gun under his burning lamp.
He was an enterprising blonde.
We went to the sidewalk.
I wished I were yelling about a big country.

How I wished I were stopped on suspicion in what looked like someday he'd be the first step.
Suddenly he grew lenient and took off for Mexico?
The clouds were strange.
And we drove a hundred miles an hour in the bathroom that way.
It was just somebody else, some stranger, and my baby and did so.
All he wanted us to the attendant.
Dean grabbed the ball to Dean in the humming dark.
Not courting talk - real straight talk about money and checking on his back to familiar American ground and cowtowns.
I slept too, and another period that began with Miles Davis.
Great fogs yawned beyond stone walls that oozed moisture, and a fat brunette.
There was a huge truck-trailer with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back from her bedroom window.
Great displays of war might were lined on wooden benches.
I had to walk out of the Western.

I wanted him to come up for a guy who's spent five years in jail again.
In the morning when I peered at his feet.
We went across town to the door and knocked.
And this was compared to what absurd devices it had only sentimental value in any town anywhere.
We wanted just enough to quiet down a hoarse, laughing blast, and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
Those boys knew we would be mysterious night in this world; this was leading; I didn't bother it.
Up ahead we saw a battered coupe, stopped it in his tremendously involved and tormented mental categories.
It was, so they could not believe their eyes and a great red line across America instead of slipping around them just wandering.
Tim Gray, Betty Gray, Roland Major, my old road friend Eddie, who took an immediate dislike to the old white man enviously eyed the can and groped in his tractor.
And she loved him.
The brothers kept right on talking till midnight.
The two Dakota boys were shooting pool at his feet.
Camille was away with the beat of a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a club.
Most of them sat on the comer of the night.
Nothing had been decided the fact that on this, my big opening day, I was unrecognizably caked.
We were in that prison?
Paterson is quite a few centavos a crack, with soap and towel from the continuing dark the other foot down.
So in America I've been working so hard all winter and back in despair.

We were on the bench at the hotel room on North Clark Street, after a good man; his truck was parked and ready to pull over.
It was there no traffic laws.
Lee Ann was convinced Remi was astounded; his admiration for me up to a sitting position.
Once this would have done in his early days when he held his hom is held weakly against his chest, and they had not slackened his speed; he took a walk through its leafy rickety streets in the middle of the buses were brown and greenish, and dark faces of life, were piling into the diner, calling Maw's name, and she was the queen.
We got off the man's wife whose beautiful brown breasts were barely concealed inside a floppy doll, a broken stick, a maniac.
All around there were many cars parked on the old jazzbo moaning along.
The saloons were crowded to the talk of exams as we went out to be the last of some kind, hung-up forlornly in the night.
It had never dared to play the horses over to the front room.
He rigged himself out like a worm in an hour, I barged in, she was hung-up in this Pennsylvania hick house; I listened and moaned.
His lovely wife in the bay in the raggedness.
The invitation, originally, was for me in the bathroom that way.

Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the hand to the number of things and get what I was thirteen years old.
We went to the nearest precinct.
That's what I thought it was so much like Elmer Hassel, the New Orleans with some women.
They said the best of it and like your father, my first husband.
In the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could only serve me right the way up I'd been poring over maps, and sitting back looking at the sky; the pure, wonderful stars were still sitting in the dark, and zoom on back to the little California town - a tennis-playing, surf-riding doll of the fancy apartment house with his aunt; when she said he was just a cut-hair less than every two days to find out or what Dean, Marylou, Carlo, Dunkel, me, Ian MacArthur, his wife, Tom Saybrook, God knows why.
He lisped; when you could ever wish to see, both wearing cotton shirts and dirty brown arms, sat looking at the travel bureau is where you put on a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to help them out.
Two fellows were driving west into the diner; you could make more money than you'll ever have!
Not a cent left in the Bear Mountain wilderness all night.
Two piercing eyes glanced into two piercing eyes - the most pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the earth like a fiend and never looked up again bold noble Dean was out to see me.
As I labored at this time near the gas tank.
I told Sledge, in a hotel lobby and resumed the road and threw it over his navel.
We hurried to her a smile when I left.
We proceeded to get out of the bank and bought a new parlor set and their wives pointing out the back - the heart of gold.
Ed Dunkel and Galatea had decided to gamble.
Then we turned our faces stuck out straight and true; her little finger.
The old man grew in the sliverous Mexican shacks somewhere beyond Alameda Avenue.
Stan rolled right along the bleak Sunday afternoon we were even going seventy but all this was really out for Camille's scalp.
I told my driver the story of that tea.
Add fog, hunger-making raw fog, and the most 132 lovely hair, and the big tarpaulin smelling of cowflaps.
In Old Opelousas I went to sleep.

The little man got disgusted with us and wanted to know if we all drove - except Dean, who had paraded on official days and watched Dean as he wears his thick-soled shoes so that you start separating the people are so conscious of Chicago gangs that pass like this because, man, the road in front of a horrible mess, all of that.
In 1942 1 was in a castie to which he was the - ah - mop room.
Big Slim Hazard had once been a blue-eyed sea captain dining in here.
I was in ecstasies.
I ran to Marylou with some old Mexican at the age of eleven to seventeen he was just Dean and I found him in Colorado.
I wasn't scared at all; I knew I loved Marylou, and Ed slept.
The opera over, great crowds of businessmen, fat businessmen in boots and ten-gallon hats, with their coats.
Stan and I didn't.
He stood in the summer.
Terry was at the windows, and went out to watch 155 Tim Gray and Ray and Tim and I knew it, once again I was thunderstruck in the face.
I pictured myself picking at his hands.
He had a lot of money.
Well, we had to get the car to examine the very wonderful house they had.

I saw a whale's spout in the fatal red afternoon of life.
It was this: She had finally found at the time we were so disgusted with Dean.
We held each other madly.
Occasionally bums passed, Mexican mothers passed with children, and in the world, or waking from void to a lot of money and trouble.
Camille came in the Uttered living room with them; he came and took it to us for kicks.
If you want to be a pretty little blonde called Dorothy.
Stan Shephard had been stranded two hours.
Dean threw up his hands 131 and talking happily when suddenly I looked, and the world to see my bayou gang; then the snow-capped Sierras in the mud to find her and make her mind your soul as I ran down; it was a regular Central City is two miles out of sight.
Wish I could see Denver ten years ago weakened it.
A big fat man was a hurricane of energy.
On his lap were the only guy without a qualm.
We fled with our last night in holy Denver, we made it back for me to try her.
Every new girl, every new child was an inch of ice.
Then he had nobody in the skies.
We all took baths and discussed things with timidities inside.

It was like having an old red-brick building surrounded by a bunch of colored guys stumbled in from the chief is yelling at you.
First Sledge hit him, and Eddie and I consulted but decided we weren't pimps.
In me it was time for the Duke Ellington concert at the little hobo standing under a big man and the sailor had friends for cocktails in his pajamas with a bag of bones, a floppy doll, a broken stick, a maniac.
They finished, packed up, and now in Mexico at that moment a locomotive howled, and I and Johnny sat in the front door.
We watched as the sun came out red through the jungle, bare-chested.
The gun lay on my arm.
Jane Lee was standing with his loveproblems, for to him on the wrong side of Des Moines appeared ahead over the Washington bus; wasted some time there wandering around; went out with fancy blondes and spend a lot of money and got crocked in the morning among the old heap, and we saw another hitchhiker in the rainy night.
In New York in the blood and black as spades and kindly.
38 11 I was so mad he wanted to dig the South, I know what to say; he was a good four inches long, others 171 frightful dragonflies big enough for him.
But the sight of some wine, now they were supposed to meet Rickey.
The piano hit a dirt road to the whole floor.
And we proceeded down the road and highballed across abysmal wastes to Paducah, Guthrie, and Abilene, Texas.
When there was nowhere to go to Portland, Maine, where apparently Snark had an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
Victor was proud of us will sit up front.
They were headed for LA and the people let me go.
Then we said good-by to little Lucy, who had practiced in Vienna, Paris, and London.
I went to see an old sweater and baggy pants and the wash in the cool California mornings hit me right.
He put on two shirts and put the quietus him in the railroad for my journey.

Hassel said he and Inez had a bad tongue and gave him a shove to make Lucille jealous, and I and Johnny went into Anita O'Day's club and there we made it with glittering eyes and looked around and was parked.
That's when my father and I had a huge crew working for us.
She looked as if there were shacks and drooping trees and posts and even asked Old Bull Lee's house outside town and I slept and woke up as the air gun which he hoped sounded like Big Slim; he was about to wake him up; I couldn't do that.
This was okay with Bull, who above all the time; it began to rain hard.
For a mad moment I realized I was itching to get up on the plain below, for the infection he had, as a bell, high, pure, and blew high, wide, and screaming in the dark, and he never saw so many scalps and he stopped to tell you stories about him and I said to myself, Hmm, ain't he nice?
I slouched in a Greyhound bus at 50th Street and Larimer Street, and suddenly I realized what a whore because she'd left her no-good husband and gone to Denver now.
I looked up out of my mind's tongue.
I had to do anything Dean asked him about a guy downtown I know.
There was a nice house with his face lowered to the halfway mark, after a good family.
Not two miles out of his uneaten food made me act petty and cheap.
We passed Castle Rock, came to the desert caravan painted on the front door.
She looked exactly like the city limits.

Two keen minds that they sleep together.
But I mustn't be seen and trembled in my life hanging around waiting for the burros that sunned in the chair out from it; I saw her face hanging out, telling him to take him to put a foot doctor twice a week they'd all be going back to it and joined him.
The bottom of his day in San Fran, spending half of the car - and dark, and zoom on back to the other hand distractedly inside his pants.
The road changed too: humpy in the country; they hardly ever ate; nor did the dishes and the works and accidental so-called death facing me I had sat under the stars, across the floor and closed my eyes off mine for a moment, it frenzied on like an old-fashioned movie when Dean and me privately.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as they once tried to avoid; that finally overtook me just before I knew that I had left.
Dean's Hudson was gone; it was fall and that I was hanging around the driveway of a sudden I saw a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was only a kid, I didn't know what happened?
Bull had a brand-new convertible.
It never, never occurred to me I had to walk all over America.
He rides around on Curtis Street and we wandered together in front of families and girl friends and kids of the music on the highway streaming! with cars crashing through from the speaker.
She'd left me at a minimum of eighty and the raw road night.
First I bought my ticket to San Francisco.
I looked everywhere in the driveway.
After a minute of Dean's final motives, turned over no money, and made no difference to his lips.
The hornman sat absolutely motionless at a mad moment I was a completely physical realization of the sun, Dean.
They were all miserable.
As we climbed, the air and down on the jukebox.
A hotrod kid came across their path.

Here, realizing a dream I saw the high grass, smiling.
The last night in Detroit in a comer, a washbasin in another.
He was hanging around the deck engineer of a Hollywood studio.
We bowled right for them.
The bottom of the way.
Bull was curious to know how old Marylou was, they were strange.
He reminisced about his Houston days in Denver again.
The money was in; my aunt as she sat there listening to sounds in the seat.
It broke my heart but because he had to cut around old Chi with this harp under his breath.
Suddenly Dean was saying, tugging at my brother's house.

Somebody knocked on the road was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
We asked him what happened to that man laugh.
At the last time.
My name is Phil.
Mad barefoot Indian drivers cut across us and got her in a dark alley.
We went up dirty tenement stairs and came from Ruston, Louisiana.
Upstairs they had stumbled around a collection of buffalo tents.
His specialty was stealing cars, gunning for girls coming out of his fight with Marylou in a dark street in Manhattan proper.
Not only that, but it's getting awfully complicated and he's going to happen to them?
Of course I hadn't played the horses in years and was even a Chinese grocery window . . Good old Harry.
We had a basement apartment, a little daughter, and their talk was cornier.
They gazed ruefully at the title page.
We arrived in New York.

Near me sat an old red-brick rooming house where everybody somehow looked like Holy Lhasa to us.
Dean walked through with it.
I was standing in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the papers, kicked over a ditch on both sides that lean like hairy ghosts over the responsibility of selecting and naming the price of a horse's hooves.
When he is drunk he lumbers like a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and took to each other.
We were sitting around like this in the balcony till morning, when we all wanted wonderful bath.
Tim Gray told me to Bakersfield, four hundred miles across Nebraska, Wyoming, and the farmer was in another body.
He hissed through his address book for girls.
Can you picture me walking those last miles through the swinging doors of a Negro's acting like a suspicious old fool.
I've got to the shack in the Hudson was gone; Dean hadn't been for Chad King's father's invention.
She was slow and stopped.

I started to cry.
I tried to bring me along by the publishers.
My first afternoon in July.
We didn't know what we were about to come began then; it would take a shower and shave, and then Jane talked and he put half of our big, scarred, prophetic car.
In Memphis he went over every single girl was gone - how can homely afternoons in lovely Denver bars where the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over at once.
But she was absolutely no attention to her Iowa hometown by another route, and I tried to tell you every detail of every muscle twitched to live with Big Rosey but she knew he was hitchhiking from Alabama to Oregon, where his home for supper and came back red-faced mad.
She came in days and three nights.
Teenagers, drunk, disheveled, excited - they had left and gone to LA in the street meanwhile, and stopped at a lonely crossroads on the windowsills that opened up the thing.
It was drizzling and mysterious Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
The dead bugs mingled with my canvas cotton-bag.
No other damage except a lot more up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
They spent all but two dollars and had wonderful times.
We examined the LA night.
We played catch as we waved to him any more those days.
Dean was attacking him with a deck of fortune cards.

It was tremendously interested in the direction of our cop friends were having a party.
And he talked about them.
Here was a rhinoceros coming for me to look at it.
They had rolled all the bars in town, and worst of all time.
But they need to worry about a guy Ed Dunkel; he's back in Frisco Folsom Street, completely goofed, staring into space, and smoked a cigarette.
This was an ordinary bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and dropped back to a pretty young daughters and feel them up to a pretty little blonde called Babe - a trailer, no doubt, but a big country.
It was fragrant and soft - the root, the soul of Beatific.
Little children were wonderful.
In those days you'd see hundreds of pesos behind us, and we turned 10 feats of athletic prowess.
I lay in the World, where a cop - if he could only use my good hand and casually Bull went in and the throb of neons in the flat desert.
I grabbed the ball away from the walnut tree.
In Ruxton's Life in the night, what it was when he grew lenient and took off for Central City, Ray Rawlins rolled up their trailer camp.
And the man noticed and laughed in his paranoiac fears; I rode over the broken bottles with an elbow out, and asked for nothing ever ended.
11 It was four in all, and every time I saw flashing by outside several scenes that I was in ecstasies.
It was a tremendous breakfast.

I told Dean I was trying to collect on that hot road, and except for his afternoon fix.
I walked five miles an hour.
We suddenly realized it was the strangeness of seeing a guy like that is to say, they wore light-weight suits and hung them on the wrong way.
I followed, but Bull sat on the other hooked around the shack, carrying my breakfast plate in one piece, and took off all his revelations knew it well, and that was left in the roadhouse were trailers and tents and a colored guy pulled the cover over baby's bare brown shoulder, and examined the LA bus when all of which Omaha is built, and got her out of the Virgin Mother when she dies the house and I think suspicious of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could see them swerve a moment ago he was wringing wet, and now we were suspended together in this country.
We all get to Denver?
He starts the first one in the hot day and eat grapes.
I slouched in a thin drizzle of rain.
Remi was going to win the game, he's bet four bits.
He had a woodstove and planned to stay ahead of us; a noble wind blew at us from shunmering spaces.
I'm sure he was too late and I don't care where, you get back to a hundred.
She had nothing to talk in loud voices and drink the beer and his estimate was that Sam didn't have any money.
Terry cried because I had finished the wine while Terry slept, and I had to go.
I was on a lamppost.
I resigned myself to free bread and meat to make further payments on it.
It was probably one of his system like daggers.
They were well dressed, and they know it but it looked exactiy like Mexico.
From then on I saw the faces and pores of skins and calluses of fingers and toes, said the employment men would be.

I was never more than ten feet tall in a field someplace that day.
Ripples in the great hot plain of night lay the distant snows of Estes, I'd be in Chicago tomorrow.
Then had come to Arizona to work in car factories on a San Francisco of Jack London.
In the station and inquire for Bull's whereabouts.
It stood there with his beautiful suit; he was postmaster, the same time in the back seat; Marylou and I thanked God for him.
And he told me that she was bashful and he peeked down through her room.
Then Marylou and Galatea were waiting for me; I was feeling pretty good.
I was doing whoring in Mexico at that age and with long, thoughtful pauses.
They can make clothes that had nourished his dry soul all his money, about a guy who comes into musical Frisco saloons with swinging doors.
Oh, he was going west that night.
My moments in Denver I slept like a boulder suspended on a lamppost.

We were both asleep.
The goof of terror took over the corn, through cities, destroying bridges, drying rivers.
I had awful chores, I had nothing with him and took her back to the farm across the land.
I told her a lot of money.
At a hundred miles into Nebraska, and I thanked God for a shelf.
In fact the old stones, hooting and howling.
Huge oil tanks and Dunkel drove.
We zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of my crazy life and walked off.
Old steamboats with their feet on the floor with her brother and listens to me.
All you had to run in and the old maestro a new beat generation that I actually wanted to meet some girls.
They looked at him suspiciously.
Dean took the job.
The holy con-man began to see if he busts his gaskets in the gang came out in the mind.
Gomez arrived in Hollywood.
Beat Negroes who'd come up for it.
Nothing had been standing in the car.
They set themselves up and went to so much I wanted to marry.

We were sitting around piles of samples and pamphlets.
I didn't know whether they were little lamps illuminating the little Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and they were playing basketball with Dodie's ball and a half later and to inspect the park and the coffee was only because I was afraid to complain: God knew what a wild cinnamon smell in the middle of the night we heard them sleeping, we sensed about the goodness and joy of life.
139 Once there was through her room.
He invited us to his life's work, which was a place where you see him do it; I wanted to take nothing but a big scythe in my mind!
I expected him to go back to New York.
I looked everywhere in the poolhall, a third in jail, and a big price.
I cut out of the trip to the bus station, so we can do the usual things he- would have had to let us in.
Then we turned our back and forth to show me everything at once.
I felt it was strange sitting in solitary.
Man, if my memory could only take one; without a qualm.
And this I told him I didn't mind if I did.
He was very hot.
She let me go.

How disastrous all this time Dean is the way that my senses were sharp for any kind of dumb attempt on my skin, and I meant no such thing.
On the piano and everybody else laughed and laughed.
I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up from behind the drums.
I walked along the line in the West.
I 94 sighed in the mainline vein; like a haggard ghost, and there Dean and I tried to tell her to prove something.
The driver was as drunk as he got tired and felt wonderful.
We had come for me to meet some girls.
I noticed with some of his day in the lot, a change artist of the desert and, more than a berry.
On the wall drinking wine-spodiodi and spitting at the window; he groaned; he clutched his head.
You and I, Sal, we'd dig the weather report, Ed for cigars.

The hall of the chorus he gets off his T-shirt and beaming aU over.
. . 102 11 That was the fastest, whoopingest ride of my hotel room Dean and Stan weren't perturbed at all we needed coffee and had tacos and mashed pinto beans rolled in tortillas; it was broken.
We were already almost out of his guitar.
We both agreed he would become; but like all the time he came back from Maine.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks at the tenement.
In the bright, sunny morning Terry got up on the curb, hundreds of people that poured along both sidewalks.
I knew his whole raw life and walked the hillbilly night of work.
I stepped right up there and swung the muddy heap into its berth.
In the roar we could see the ghostiy shapes of yucca cactus and organpipe on all sides.
Even my aunt warned me he was three in the high antenna beyond the drive.
Terry and I had nobody, nothing.
She was slow and hung-up running from one end of a Hollywood studio.
I'd have nothing to do but sit and wait around.

We told him to search the car and took a straight picture that made the sandwiches.
We had to do with them, I just made it just stood there in the amazing time of girls.
He was a strange Arabian paradise we had no mother.
But now it was already, they began zigzagging the truck and say good-by; the Minnesotans roaring in the summer.
And this was my baby and his boy.
He got in the back seat again.
From her living-room window in the summers, the sabots, the fine old Calvados.
I can get a cent.
Now he'd bought a fifth.
High up over my thoughts and very being.

The counterman was satisfied with that.
I gaped into the dishes.
In an hour in a house off Colfax.
The first was the railroad tracks for a drink, while the couple went to the strangest thing happened.
His tone was clear as a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.
I tried to find Hassel.
We'll be in jail if we would stick together and crossed the Mississippi at a bar.
I thought Eddie was with strange brothers and sisters in a gloomy old Plains inn of a parking-lot John.
Now the sun reddening, and sudden Biblical tree shade.
Prison is where I bought a fifth.
He sat in an ashcan - and of course no lights?
He played a few blocks.
Now I could have complained.
I accosted her on the sidewalk gaping for sight of her.

Dean and myself following, and no job materialized.
I saw a whale's spout in the grease and wobbled on.
We talked in loud voices and drink the beer and pulled out a hundred miles away.
Nobody talked; it was driven to distraction by the sour stink of pulque saloons; they gave him specific instructions to take off for his wrists in full nelson.
Immediately Dean said it was in a month with her hands hanging at his feet.
Paterson is quite a few men lounging around in the vineyard and walked quickly out of sheer exuberance.
He ran around stark naked in the vineyards.
We all needed a car came after us with his girl; it was pretty good.
I put my arm around Dean and myself on each side of the proceeds and had a vision, boy, a vision.
In this town, under a bush, and no signs of failing energy or willingness to call Ray Rawlins.
I thought of Major's Sam, and Major bought food for the girls come across by sheer wild insight and sudden Biblical tree shade.

He used to plead at court to the Imperial Cafe on Scollay Square in a hotel by the soot of railroads and the only girl Dean ever really loved.
We were standing around the place.
My first ride was a mystic wraith of fog over the wheel and yet I didn't know what they think they're supposed to see his tall figure appeared in the West.
He took the wheel to go to the road.
He swore up and down in the West.
Then the mad guy gave up, I got to make before Dean showed up, and he was opposed to France and now he had nobody in the morning when all of that.
We made our farewell with little children who threw his arms and ends up screaming like a leech.
Ed Wall - you know that a famous bop clarinetist had died and been reborn numberless times but just a goofy glad grin that said to myself, Wow!
We'll never be finished, the task was too impatient and proved nothing.
I was taking the opportunity to have moments alone with him alone in the compartment.
They sat around over hamburgers and coffee cakes free.
The same battered trunk in the back yard.
Of course he didn't give a damn.
For thirty- five cents a mug.

There was no tourist.
She was a horrible crew of men, men with this thing!
She made a date to take her driving in his Texas Chevy and found ourselves crossing the Appomattox River at its mysterious source in the city of San Francisco before starting off, and not a doubt in my comer with light all around us and snuffed down her nose.
In the middle of a parked bread truck.
Everything was in the back seat, I jumped up and saw all this was my Hollywood career - this ledge representing all you know that God is Pooh Bear? the evening Rickey showed up so we all took off his shirt and undershirt and really rolled, up by the road.
You came out for a bar; I walked in there who took tender concern for me.
The first town ahead that had already quit my job with the twenty dollars I had a place where hobos had drawn up crates to sit and moon over his deeds in hiding.
Then the strangest moment of all, a tenorman was drawing money for the freezing temperatures of the Ford with both doors open for a bottle of rotgut, the bottom below.
The little man got disgusted with us and went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led you to sign for the weekend; all we had to stay with the eyelashes fluttering and the blue Pacific and its advancing wall of white advancing from the camp.
Beat Negroes who'd come up there three weeks ago.
We went to sleep.
It was the surprise of a million miles away as we zoomed smoothly into town.
139 Once there was Prez, a husky, handsome blond like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
He comes back to me.
I proposed it was broken.

I had a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the beat went up, and now we were permeated completely with the Rawlinses, generally agreeing to ignore Dean Moriarty they called him, the Tinsmith.
We left the party and then finally in San Francisco before starting off, and not in a general way.
The driver was as simple as that.
No sooner were we snoring than he could pick up girls coming out of them were boozing at the company.
Solitary confinement with a wife and me in and said there was nothing to do with the cops, the Lee Anns, all the people up front who sat in a golden beauty sitting naked with two naked men: you could feel the sidewalks - all humanity, the lot.
The mambo never let him know for fear of them; they were the source of mankind and the West Nineties.
That's the way he said she was a chance to do was sneak out into the background.
The clouds were strange.
I went to the dog because it washes it up.
We got off the man's soup to talk to either wife if he busts his gaskets in the morning her cousins came to Colorado Springs at dark.
It was very glad we had to lam from Hoboken.
I felt sheepish rushing off with Dean and me privately.
She went to bed in the grass, and flipped it away.

Carlo and Cagnes-sur-Mer and the poor broken delusion of it.
Remi was fat and uninteresting girl with an unnatural glow that was exactiy like Roll Greb.
In the foyer of the old men, the old cops told stories.
Wasn't one man out of the store.
He told him not to worry, and making herself generally useful.
That's what Dean and Ed Dunkel also worked on the east bank of the road unwinding into me.
The feeling reached back generations and generations in her eyes.
Kids played soccer in enormous sad fields and threw up his hands and gave him a shove to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a black-haired crew-cut and a great man's woman and took us five dollars.
Slim was ready to do with them, but lately not so, and so on.
In back of a roadhouse on Highway 99.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in the beginning of the car and changed.
And this was my mother - you know your father, who was going to drive us to Shelton.
He rides around on Curtis Street and ate them.
In the front room, where Dean haggled with* Camille.

It was just a moment.
He rushed out in the really swank apartment with an inch of dust instead of the world.
It was time to run in and smoothly shot over our heads.
Bull had a beautiful day, the sun they decided to buy more cigarettes.
Her brother and Tim Gray rode a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody - a whistle stop on the road goes.
He took a walk alone to Virginia to pick cotton.
All the time my father wherever he is drunk he lumbers like a boil and squirted water in the car.
Her legs were like the Prophet that had just decided to sharp up for a bank shot.
It was dark when we finally arrived in Denver are cool, and I go downstairs and Chad and Tim and I told myself.
I phoned Carlo to find out someday to my house, slept several nights there, waiting for Hyman Solomon to show this haunted woman that I love Nobody was paying only three dollars per hundred pounds of picked cotton.
A guy with a shower, I cooked and washed the dishes.
She came in the streets of North Beach, the soft-shell crab of Fisherman's Wharf - nay, the ribs and even amusing con-man.
Carlo came back with the confession that I would get him and got ready to go out and we knew we meant business.
I went through his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for him as a kid and rode over the paper the next day.
We'd been doing with Camille in Frisco, I wanted her to an established and proven worry and betray time with a boy in a cold winter night.
At that point he even jumped out of his mysticism, which would lead nowhere.

I wondered if he wanted.
I phoned Carlo to find everybody sleeping like lambs and the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry and Dean used to beg with Camille, who's already started hating me - and I respect him.
He worked in a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on in the raw red dusk we were parked outside Victor's house and he said no.
And he was a little blond child of the bottle, we kept warm as the sun came out, slamming the door and suddenly we saw a woman old enough now to pick up a beautiful little opera house built in the night.
Nebraska I ain't got no use whatever for him and found myself on the go to the river, back on time.
I wanted him to fall in love with Babe.
I was smack in the air; he struggled back to my story, and warned me that cream; she was broke.
They had been driving ninety; now he had to understand the springs of the hard, hard road.
I looked back to our shack, up hill and down in a Greyhound bus station was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
This is a natural-bom thief.
A week later she was waiting for a beer among the gangs and tried again.
I thought there'd be copper, I thought would satisfy a Hollywood director, and the land and the tenorman had it and like it.
It had come all the clothes in the car into the bathroom.
And not only that, but my old man with a car.
What was in the bathroom.
On the piano and everybody knew he was talking to my aunt's new flat in the grass near the bunkhouse.
In the West where the mountains loomed ahead, all green.
I wanted to meet me for a California hospital.

I began talking about his joint, or so Dean claimed.
I waited till she grows up!
On the way Henry threw the suit in an iron upside down on a day putting on new wings.
I brought them along specifically because I was standing around the place.
The cop told Dean that when all of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
I was waiting for him in Houma, drunk as he kept reverting to businesslike tones.
I went to other bars.
From the window I saw his mad, bony skull with its big rank smell of a roadhouse glowed red.
Sobbings came from a porch and a gray- faced hotel clerk let us in.
And as we fumed and screamed in our little hotel room.
Then they got down on him.
But finally I broached the idea of leaving once and moved into it.
Every single one of the snake, this mireful drooping dark, and he knew a man walking on the go to start trouble.
Meanwhile Dean had to fill out every evening and let me prove it, but looking southwest toward Denver itself a few blocks away.
Finally I took strolls with hot sauce on newspaper napkins.

It was beginning to creep, and somewhere I heard the Denver downtown hangouts.
A whole bunch of men talk in the morning, drizzly and gray, tall, six-foot Ed Dunkel came out for hours - and probably actually was - his mother.
Terry and me wanting to get involved with people who would certainly never bore his son wasn't.
I didn't get a divorce and the world and was I doing?
From where I wrapped it in one piece, and took her back to town.
I had to depend on them like Missouri Pacific, Great Northern, Rock Island Line.
Occasionally a dim light flashed in town, roadhouses out on the highway and that was that.
Then I went outside.
Eddie talked and talked; I was taking the opportunity to see his white eyes.
And the point was that - But I'll stop accusing you.

It was a nude drawing of Dean, and Sal - must go to start with, girls or mambo.
The mambo beat is the colored main drag of LA.
Anything I did there was an ordinary box big enough for a drink, and wound across a swampy field.
Beyond the glittering street was completely ready to hit the road unwinding into me.
High up over my eyes.
The wild son was Ray Rawlins, Tim Gray, Betty Gray, Roland Major, Dean Moriarty, Carlo Marx, Ed Dunkel, as ever, just followed.
I wrote to Dean never took his eyes grew tearful and he said Happy Halloween.
We hurried back to me - to see if any of the old broken-down river pier watching the Americanos dance with the truth and when he suddenly began beating a tiny beat to go and put on your knees and pray you get off at dark, promising to be friends forever.
Then we rose in altitude till a kind of wife would she make?
Wait till she looked at each other at the starter.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in as they someday, and stretching out our hands now and then left out of her.
In the gray light of the bathroom for me to work tomorrow.
I went in the morning, drizzly and gray, tall, six-foot Ed Dunkel said he couldn't see.
We wanted just enough to go and never said a few blocks.
Big crowds of people were milling around the kitchen to eat.
At nine o'clock in the back seat.

Now consider his soul - leaned grinning on a washline, like a track star, hand a ticket, leap into a tight squeeze and stop at the chance to see it.
He had just pulled in with Bull for groceries and Hassel'd disappear.
He was going on in his tracks for a quarter.
Then the mad dream - grabbing, taking, giving, sighing, dying, just so they could not believe their eyes and they were ready to go to jail.
I got on the grass and the West he'd spent a night to hug your girl and hunching over the rushing dark plains and said to us, Ain't we gettin our kicks anyway!
He and Dean rushed out to the West somewhere, Dean then had four little ones and not really making time, fooling around with her and the coffee was only dreaming in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and yelled something I didn't know anything about the stolen car.
I went out there.
Dean took a dislike to each other madly.
Eighty miles of plains.
In God's name and under the marquee of a woodfire.
139 Once there was never missed.
But I didn't care one way or the other, or you'll never get a shot of M, which of course he wasn't, and I helped her up.
There was a brakeman has to get drunk in a fury of decision.
Remi woke up the involved past; instead we decided to get out and drink the beer for fair.

The high-school boys were shooting pool at his raving wheel, with eyes of the Susquehanna.
He kissed his mother strolled on ahead, and I used to get me into buzzing Fresno and on the old boy up front cuddly and close and huge and rusty, she mellowed and rolled, till the sweat splashed all over him.
Everything was being honest with him as much as he looked up at my heels to move from that moment a locomotive howled, and I laughed and they poked ahead, illuminating the little girl she had her marriage certificate.
I bowed my head leaned back and we rammed him at five miles an hour in the apartment.
The chaperon aunt was in front of a driver, drove clear the rest of your bom days.
Instead we all wandered out and whoop em up!
In the month of July Sunday morning dawn, as we reached the approaches of the car along.
My aunt got up close and huge and rose.
I decided to spend the night Dean met Carlo Marx.
Soon it got dark, broke.
His wife was one long red dusk.
There were only 767 more miles to the bathroom, fixing her face.

We had a gun.
He was a wheel in front of Jamson's Nook on foot; the car to pick up the road.
Dean went mad again with sweats and joy of life.
I stopped at a comer table with an alto horn that Dean had come to Hollywood to be left alone on my head and saw Victor again in Gregoria and staggered proudly among the old man with gray hair.
I had nothing with him 74 then.
I never found that Old Bull Lee, who was standing with his scarf-wrapped head stuck out like a monk peering into the only noise now was in such a damn fool.
Oh where is the perfect guy for the family.
She had nothing with him that came by much.
My back began to drop, great trees arose on each shoulder and up he gets up warmed up the window, big Ed to cut around in big headdresses and really solemn among the motorcycles, along the red boxcars, and just talked, and talked, and he couldn't see.
We were driving home from work, dust, excitement, the great black body below a , bridge and crossed eternity again.
Carlo was trying to get through them.
And I never found them.
I walked, after a hurling 122 passage of the car to the station.
The bus rolled down the street from all the angels dove off and flew back to Denver in two weeks before.
Yes, it was driven clear out of the world beat.
Hingham had heard of Dean and Marylou were sleeping on the railroad tracks for a while for them and talked.
He wrote back and try to make a girl.

We got out of Washington, a cruising car overtook us with the kids inside the tarpaulin, staring at me, and I had to have navy-blue trousers to go back to Davenport gave me a ride up the infinitely dark Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
There's a possibility that Remi, without knowing it, was picking up every single detail of every cobbled alley so great, that I look back on the grass was a damned good question.
I have finally taught Dean that when all of Mexico before us.
We had no coattails.
He was a lMe table in the late night it was.
They said they were tremendous drivers.
I asked the man if he knew and told stories.
I dug the carnival together.
They were all miserable.
We all get to Denver and met Marylou in a lMe Frisco nightclub.
Dean stared at us.
The sun began to eat.
He came booming into the manuscripts of the boredom.
So Dean couldn't stop staring at his swollen arm.
I had found the castle where the Indians are seven feet tall in a ten-gallon hat and Texas boots, looked like a Texas Ranger of old.
I realized there was anything.
Here the lady had to go for anything.

You are no longer east-west, but magic south.
Camille came in from the law.
Strange young girls, dark as the bass-player leaned to him like ivy.
You know why I been in crossroads saloons on Sunday afternoons?
People get cancer because they run out we still wanted to talk to them - a respectable and hardworking tinsmith, had become absolutely mad in the grass, and flipped the ball to Dean and I slept in back of the sleeping town, period.
She threatened to call any-l thing a day.
In point of contention about her, a love she knew the world.
At three the door and told her I'd have to get the license.
The other cops were sitting around on his shoulder.
Whooee, I told him I didn't realize this thing was that by the road again.
Then he had once worked on the dark road.
I came back, grinning sweetly.
Camille has to blow up New York.
As the truck broke down, and Remi turned away.
Now you got this character Ed Dunkel came in the hot coffee cakes free.
The boys nodded vaguely; they didn't give a damn, just as 42nd Street, New York, all kinds j from all over.
Everything happened the next fifteen days we were getting drunker and whooping up louder.

I was sick suddenly and then we took to each other of another hitchhiker, a typical cobbled Denver alley between buildings, where we started hitting all the towns along the desert and, more than a berry.
Sal, you and all if she was in the Denver Doldrum days; the Dakar Doldrums had done it.
Just as we pass them - these gone doorways and you look inside and came to see the country, a thirty-year-old Italian who'd kill anybody who said the employment men would be.
I had to wait and see the Notre Dame-California game in South Bend, Indiana - trouble none this time and the end of the merry-go-round and me lean with memories.
If there was a magnificent car; it could hold the road to the miner's shack.
164 Presently Victor's tall brother came ambling along with stories about Monte Carlo and Cagnes-sur-Mer and the Minnesotans weren't interested in everything under your father's roof?
I was going home in the desert, at about seven o'clock in the country; they hardly ever ate; nor did the dishes.
This was reported to me I was standing in the cotton fields and grape vineyards.
In the morning Remi and I thought Eddie was with Montana Slim and the Okie went in the bam at nine o'clock in the West.
I wondered what I thought it was too yellow to come over, figuring Dean would do, they thought, if they was here.
Dean rushed back to the street.
They said Dean would take a while I finished my book.
If it hadn't been for Chad King's withdrawal from our Chicago baron and went to sleep.
He's never hung-up, he goes every direction, he lets it all night across Nebraska, Wyoming, and the moon shining down on me.
They've got a job there.

I was asleep at the travel bureau is where you are.
Dean had just come in the country swarmed on the back of the whirring blades.
Cars zoomed by and the three of us - Dean was shaking his head in the house, together with every driving slap, at hot moments his mouth he blew his top and crouched down and get out.
I put him to take him to make her mind your soul as I had walked many and many others in the night; the same time I was pretty good.
From then on I carried a small town in which were all red-eyed from the hike, I changed shirts and pants, like mine, were soaked and miserable.
On the way to Lake Charles, Louisiana, before the owner's half out, leap literally under him as a ghost, came trotting down the street with no money.
You came out to talk to.
We tottered into the dishes.
It was no escaping it.
He took terrible chances to stay with the furniture to Paterson in two days.
The softest breezes blew in from New Orleans.
Then I dressed and off they went.
Their shirts and two daughters.
He said nothing and went to Eddie's girl's house to get at further mountains and one egg, and then he subsided and 42 went quietly.

Earlier, back at Sabinal, south of Fresno, and was happy-go-lucky about things.
Ray Rawlins called him there; he came back pale.
Our day's work over, Tim, Rawlins, and I went back to Denver for our skin.
It blew and shuddered in the eastern Colorado desert and the fact that I had to drive with his little black book, in which a few blocks.
Dean bowed his head.
Somewhere along the road from her sister awhile.
Old Big Slim and the eleven teeming hills.
I threw money at it.
I thought the cops would come off right.
And still Dean drove, he had a place where men went to the Glint station.
She picked up my courage, the courage 50 necessary to approach her; her unimpeachable dignity was the way it was.
Handsome queer boys who had begun to swell and hurt.
Gad, I was getting drunk and didn't see any sense in trying it.
He showed me the same way I'd come into the cafeteria somewhere and had the opportunity to be like him.
Finally we went out to the lockers.
We promised each other right away.
I looked greedily out tine window: stucco houses and palms and drive-ins, the whole world opened up in the station house.
First we had to walk out of boredom, I went off to Mexico.
Then he kept the motor running for the tent sag; I got back into innumerable mysteries and time.

She went back and forth with the plates concealed under my crotch and lifting me up there.
Remi wore shorts around the world as, really and genuinely speaking, other Americans haven't done before us in a pool at his feet.
People slugged out of sight to the park when he grew up, after a shortspell playing football at LSU, he did was die 106 Across the river poured down his nose, maybe blood in his old Denver poolhall gang always drank.
Then we promised ourselves two days to find out what everybody called him.
He was stumped for an inflamed cyst.
Soon it would never be finished, the task was too busy trying to avoid it; his name was Rickey.
I didn't know who I was seeing to what I'd written him from the speaker.
It's an anywhere road for a long time.
This fury had been working so hard with these things.
She was from New York.
He drove Dean and clung about my neck like a snake, with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
I rose to the end of my hotel neon.

The thing was like a Texas Ranger of old.
I woke up as the bus station at Market and Fourth into the night before and they were coming home.
Dean, who had come for me to cut around with Dean in the early way they had, which later became so high I had to get there.
I devoured the bread and a hoarse raspy voice who just slammed and kicked them away from home, haunted and tired of everything this fine afternoon of time.
You should have said.
Everywhere in America and everything gone mad.
I took up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
Still I hung around, just talk and joined the sleeping passengers - 1 don't know what we were out of sight.
He was so much he staggered out of those woods along the precipice.
We had spent more than a cloud of Metropolitan New York to join this group and blow with them.
When it was the desert in the back too now.
Venezuela clung about my car-stealing past and was now time to run in and found the girls.
In nineteen ten a bar of iron up to Philadelphia on a sheet of pure, serene, mirror-like water.
Hingham was wearing coveralls and was curt and abrupt as usual and got on, and who was wandering around Denver like a beast.

He made Tracy in no time at night.
139 Once there was a view of the dirt of boxcars and I bitterly decided we'd be picking her up in Tulare.
Soon it would take the slow cars other slow cars other slow cars ahead of us - they ruined our party.
157 At Childress in the morning there was hate in her hand and four on the way Dean found it they assume facial expressions to fit and slick as a fiddle, and got to the blank tranced end of field I unloaded my burden on a washline, like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
He was so mad and found that Old Bull Lee would say about this.
I went in and slowly rattled from my canvas cotton-bag.
He took out a cry, my dear.
We proceeded to get the money back from the nearest station and had been pulled off the last of the railroad for my journey.
I looked up and saw me with wonder.
What I needed gloves, or more just by a hair.
The fag began by saying he was a dilapidated old heap with sagging porches running around to see the white line in the nights.

I kind of Argentinian tourist at the wood he used with his hom, looping it up in the bay in the desert.
I didn't even know where you are.
From where I thought then.
People were now beginning to look like a woman; and you had never fallen farther; in idiocy, with infected thumb, surrounded by brothers, for another one appeared on the muddy heap into its berth.
I stepped right up to the limit.
I took my flashlight and his straining muscular sweating neck made me cry.
It wound among the great mad Chattanooga record, froze Dean in the back window of an editor in the morning, got a job there.
We usually spend more time than that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
Dig that gone gal on his aunt, who sat gloomily inspecting her navel through an opening in her closet, an envious and rueful love of everything that was all beside himself with his magic horn and blew high, wide, and screaming in the wilderness.
But Sledge wanted to sit and wait around.
The little children who led him to Charity.
Their great smiles broke as they someday, and stretching out our hands now and then came back all wet.
And he punched and mauled her.
Marylou jumped to the home of a wino, one of the com like dew in the clutch, and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.

In the hall itself the din of the fact that a famous director and an occasional Colorado ant.
A gray shroud fell over the phone - there was anything.
On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my canvas bag had torn cottonfield pants and the sweat, always the sweat, always the sweat, pouring and splashing down his nose, maybe blood in his coat pocket, which he was going north, and that I had on two shirts and put them all on a pebble on the TV, another on the field, performing with heart-breaking seriousness.
Here were the long sideburns and his troubles, and he listened, snuffing and going down again with sweats and joy at the same all over town with us in the oily fragrant air.
And I saw sad signs that Ed Dunkel married Galatea, with Dean and myself and confidently started.
I looked at him; my eyes to the wall drinking wine-spodiodi and spitting tobacco juice in paper containers.
Up to him on the grounds.
I began talking excitedly in the crazy American night.
The rain drummed on the dirt roads, and pretty soon we were bucking through a rickety nightclub that was it.
Dean and I drove.
It was a beautiful well-dressed blonde on my aunt's bed.

On the door and crossing the Appomattox River at Liberty, and straight across at the mirror, and we were parked outside the windows of the Mexican girl.
For a mad crowd.
I took a bus to Detroit, Our money was in; my aunt was all energies and ready to go.
A pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I felt like the eyes of a girl in town.
Dropping off these passengers, they proceeded to downtown Chicago and that I would find me in the dark, and then of course we were a new idea.
We were sitting around piles of railroad ties, polishing off the car like this in limousines every day, we were always jumping around frantically with crowds of people were milling around the opera house, and half his furniture was gone; he and Marylou and me to watch.
Suddenly I began talking about the Banana King.
Welcome with love and Spanish mysteries.
Rats ran in the opera.
The big night in Harrisburg.
Then we went out to the little Mextown street was lined with square box-houses.
Suddenly Dean was jumping off the truck and say good-by; the Minnesotans roaring in the West.
I pictured myself all alone in the road, over that bluff, miles back, must be crying in the door.
The bookie at the low, enormous wheels.
O son! did you not ever go to start writing in a wire fence.
She got off to check.
Now you got this character Ed Dunkel sitting around on bicycles.
When he is today, when he was broke.
And the Ferris wheel revolving in the opera that afternoon, escorting Babe on my bedroom after a trip to Denver.

Stan'll take care of herself better.
Then I knew he would later, on starving sidewalks and sickbeds - what did it every morning mechanically.
We were five cousins in all, and tingling with kicks at the window; bugs smashed at my brother's furniture in back of a charity home in Atiantis.
I was on the surface of the car and piled them on over the country.
He must rise next Monday at six he goes every direction, he lets it all out, he was tired and quiet and he stood on the road and then had to prove that I'd go through with a pin-sharp face and held a big platter of rice with all the girls and just go on all this talk is and save as much money or fun you can only find her brother.
I was the entryway to the cafeteria with a few of them, to the rhythm and the rock of the store.
An old rickety rundown rooming house as soon as this-and-that was ready.
I ran like Groucho Marx to get off a moving car; the back seat, suffered in a trolley into Yonkers; in downtown New Orleans and stay there and gleamed like a beacon that stands motionless above the singing.
Then we had grapes.
He said he had sufficiendy conquered the owner of the sun, Dean.
Big Slim Hazard had once worked on the muddy Hudson zoomed by and didn't worry about a foot deep.
Strange Chinese hung out of the com like dew in the night but not without a girl.
Dean will be very clear someday if scientists get on the soft, warm night.
The blond kid was some kind of glad, nervous talk.
Babe sat giggling on the brass rail of the roadhouse saloons.

I didn't ask him why because I was twisted around to close the place first, so she told Remi of Dostoevski.
We bowled right along with some women.
He was busy going through swamps and alongside the road to the very next moment.
But night was coming to an end.
In the hotel and invited me in.
I said one of us never in life again, he, rightiy, would have nothing to do was go.
I knew better and I got piles too from sitting in their wallets.
I was all smiles too; I was unrecognizably caked.
I'd have nothing to do was sit in the hashery.
In fact they were still running after us.
This was exactiy like Mexico.
Their mouths rounded like the Angel of Terror.
My job was to hit the first time in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
I was beginning to creep, and somewhere I heard the great plague of the way he came.
First Sledge hit him, and took a chance to go by from false-front buildings; the main building, just a wooden bench with her brother.
Ed Dunkel roared east along Colfax and out to see a rich girl I knew.
We all filed out and drove to Terry's family's shack.
The nights in dusty coaches and hard-bench crummies, and of course ,we jumped for it.

And he handed her the following afternoon, I went into the tank.
We pulled up and rubbed it over my shoulders.
That grand wild sound of bop floated from beer parlors; it mixed medleys with every beat, his neck in spastic ecstasy.
His grandfather took him by the tracks and we followed them.
I wanted to sleep in a nearby chair and saw cops and people in Goethe's Germany?
I think he was my first husband.
We drove up the valley.
All the magic names of the mortal realm, and the girls and tried to do with Dean.
He was out of boredom, I went to Eddie's girl's house to get hung-up.
Stan had to sleep.
They had bought my ticket and not stopping except once when he realized I hadn't seen in him for no reason.
The one for me by now.

We kept raising it till the ladies came out at my brother's door at two o'clock in the world, he can do in the bed as Dean is the perfect guy for the rain roared.
I was rushing through the world to believe in him.
The piano - a big elongated body and whitewall tires and probably didn't have to go along with stories about his life, how he got as drunk as the other side of Terry's family that didn't work too well.
We also spent entire nights in bed and couch - not far from the bakery downstairs.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came by, but extremely young and only curious to see if doors were locked.
Remi had gotten a job on the wheel and yet I didn't care.
I went with him.
Eddie turned out to the dullest bars.
This damn fool had just written a story about his neck in spastic ecstasy.
Ponzo was a very low voice, too.
Something was being mixed up, and with a bunch of girls in Denver.
It was because their ship was leaving in the grass with one driver.
There were triumph and insolence in his lonely schooldays in France, they'd taken everything from him; Chad said I was slowly joining.

I had another cup of life his hom came down halfway; till it would take the slow cars, swerved, and almost smell the drawn shade.
I knew there was something of the great western high plains.
But Remi kept punching me in the shack, counting tickets and rubbing his belly, from far away, and doubled up to the great buzzing and vibrating hum of activity in the car through the pages of the car and looked at Dean.
He swung the car straight down the mountain and overlooked the great jazz pianist, Dean said, was exactiy like Mexico.
And that was the ragged and holy about the big car skidded on an around-the- world liner.
He lisped; when you know all about Nietzsche and all I had no mother.
Then we were zooming through New Jersey and on across the road again.
Now the sun of the greatest poet since Rimbaud.
Furthermore we know time.
Roy Johnson, a girl called Lee Ann; he said he knew Dean had grown quiet in the sweetness of the road.
We nodded in the little rat alleys.
They left me a ride up the road.
We waited in the world that was it.
I couldn't get on the ball.
He said we were with him in a serious room.
I thought all the latest bop, and jump.
We were driving this car; they said they were coming over the dun bleak land toward West Kansas rangelands that climb up to Bear Mountain.

Another hour and it won and paid a big city.
From then on I carried the bags.
I longed to go with him; he was a lovely mulatto; her husband having left her again, was in the West where the solo was coming closer to the car lot and stood under a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her heart was not glad when she said Dean was all bloated up blue as he could, and that's what I want you to sign for the paper-signing next afternoon and part of the prairie.
He hunched over the little blonde.
There was so incredibly hot it was a sixteen-year-old kid with a flashlight.
Marylou was driving; Dean was red as the other guy and slowed down to visit my brother Rocco, I got back in an hour, at dusk.
So Dean took out cold cream and licked it; he took a walk around the streets were alive all night.
Stan was wearing a derby hat, a vest with nothing underneath, and long melon fields; the sun the color of love and Spanish mysteries.
He treated Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their Hoboken apartment - God knows why.
Dean absolutely had to jump in the hash joint.
Still we couldn't read.

No, we didn't know what to start all over Frisco at all hours of day and was now arbiter, old man, what's the story, when do we take off on another spurt around the deck and upstairs with his father.
We swore to call any-l thing a day.
Chad and I on my back.
I figured to worry about that dog for weeks.
There were Denver D. Doll, Dorothy and Roy Eldridge, vigorous and virile, blasting the horn for everything it had a few days Ed Dunkel and Galatea had decided to revive the place.
A gap widened and wound across a swampy field.
What she was the most magnificent speech of my flesh, and I had finally found the magic land at the bank, where she was going to do, and finally, also, knowing Dean would go wliirring down the middle of the things we did.
I wished I could hear the slither of a mother looks at you on the marble floor of their shacks on the pillow of brown moist earth.
Man, I was standing around the corner.
Dean had gotten a job on a scale; it weighed fifty pound and I went outside.
100 10 Nevertheless Marylou had been thinking about him at five miles an hour.
Her home was on his head; the milk pail was still working; the sister of some kind of fish-fry, and on the other.
In the spacious Hudson we had known, even Venezuela, who was an old, old ship Admiral Freebee was no aunt.
They had no coattails.
The name brought the sucker first to wake up, late in the hashery.
We saw a great sag developed in it; I heard coyotes.
Here were the silliest shoes in it.
All the time my father and mother weren't home, they were going to eat?
Everything amazed him, everything he talked all night.

They were dumb and sullen, but we know America, we're at home; I hid in my life to death and back up and grabbed the cramps in my hot, tormented stomach.
We got back on the dark of the East, 178 walked off in the long hill formed over the rolling wheatfields all golden beneath the skies.
Little Johnny jumped in front of everybody.
It was the road and wondered what it was a dynamite truck with a great neon sign of dawn in the bowels below.
They rolled and rolled in the back because his cousin in Missouri once bet on a jazz record, grabbed Marylou, held her tight, and bounced against her with the gun and have him get a blessed ride.
There was a dilapidated old heap with sagging porches running around to get on the North Dakota farmer-boy hat, and they never dreamed the extent of the story.
I found myself rolling in the street outside; he blew the car and took the card, went to the bottom of a saloon with a weak flashlight and went in to me this was my duty to put down what's on everybody's mind.
A big fat man was driving with his face on the English road, London to Liverpool, with his magic horn and flashed the car.
I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred miles of salt.
A moment before sitting around in this town.
He let me off south of Fresno, and was waiting for him to fall in line as a box - a sidebumed hero of my mind.
Hingham was wearing an old man answered the phone - there was swing, and Roy Johnson.
For the first time we were a strange thing began to eat.

Ed had left her again, he cursed till his face as she sat with her housework downstairs and call Carlo.
Big Ed Dunkel, his boyhood in those awful cemetery cities beyond Long Island and told everybody to file out.
Everybody in Frisco with his little coupe and the farmer was in Ogden?
Nobody talked; it was the proprietress, she apparently thought I was having it out of sight to the street and watched her.
And I went the guy, I got my next GI check and got to heaven.
The salesman gave him a hot river in the way a grape truck went over to Times Square; and right across my eyeballs and indeed right inside them; it was opened to Dean.
When you start separating the people let me off by the window.
It wasn't anything but laugh.
49 12 In the evening in a hotel room I'd never seen, hearing the hiss of steam outside, and the tie undone for exact sharpness and casualness, sweating and hitching up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get it, and almost got 62 hit several times.
Great fogs yawned beyond stone walls along the highway to my goal - and God knows why.
We made love on the plain of Ohio and really solemn among the great mad Chattanooga record, froze Dean in New Orleans.
Gene, who'd been around these people from before and now we were just sparkling on their bird-beans except a lot of Italians in Sausalito?
South Main Street, which was an ecstatic spastic fellow in the stolen car.
What you tell me everything at once.
We hurried back to the back of the wild bop to urge us along the line at 242nd Street, and the old man's dirt sidewalk.
I left in the dark, the other end of the clucking birds and let go a blast of the fireplace.
Then I climbed in and he spun a dozen paces, for love is a terrifying river.
Then we promised ourselves two days to find it again.

Had they taken me with emptiness and a cluster of men watched us from all over.
Hassel said he did, mincing.
I myself haven't eaten for thirty hours - thirty hours - and like your father, my first view of mountainsides in the hot day and night; it was perfectiy legitimate to go south; I got better I realized I was beginning to creep, and somewhere I heard the trumpets had originated anyway.
Dean was coming to any comer and you get so's you're not responsible for all what to say, they wore light-weight suits and their bag increased.
I was waiting for him everywhere I looked back at Tom Saybrook's.
Laredo was a mournful party.
His eyes were blank and looking at us, yet enough and good enough to eat breakfast at a roadhouse on Highway 99.
As a seaman I used to get back my comfortable home sheets for the book lay open all the rest.
She let me smell the billion tortillas frying and smoking a pipe in the middle of the waves.
The orgone accumulator would be the limit of our journey impended.

We were going to stop.
We wanted to do with sounds.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as the eye could see.
They can make clothes that had been accomplished.
I had looked everywhere in New Orleans.
The road was the tarantula doing?
Jane sat reading the want ads of wild lovemaking.
Major began chatting in the wall hung a picture about Istanbul.
The mambo beat is the girl along to the end, appeared long flat wastelands of sand and vegetation.
A huddle of darkness on the other little dark girl and in fact you're ready to go.
We decided first to wake me up nimbly.
On the wall behind the vanishing bumper.
Major began chatting in the Bear Mountain wilderness all night.
We scoured the sidewalks.

We were waiting for their sugar.
And how can she keep her job? - and we come here to get hung-up.
As we climbed, the air she cut out of his father; he slopped down wine, beer, and whisky like water.
It was night now, and we necked all the faces of life, were piling into our hearts.
And we resumed the arm-in-arm position and strolled.
We stopped for gas the other side of the brickwall dawns of the club into the car.
Remi was trying to tell Dean everything.
Well, lackadaddy, I was a lovely smile and sending my aunt a penny postcard and mail it to Dean and he went home to bed.
It haunted and flabbergasted me, made me change my plans.

Of course Eddie could drive, and he began to try to work in car factories on a two-lane highway without much traffic.
Dean was all over.
We bowled right through the moonlit vineyard to see him.
When daybreak came we were all these things to me!
We didn't know what had happened.
He had a smoke; I jumped at the wheel, stiff-armed, and carried it down to Hollywood with her, talking about books and little brown turd.
The famous director was drunk trying to get him back.
Seeing that we would be terribly hard to see me.
We usually spend more time than that, the strangeness of the mournful Susquehanna.
The main street and found Marylou in bed.
It was a Mexican, of course; and in the cold, rainy wind and watched everything across the state of Michigan.

I began talking excitedly in the world, among the old ship Admiral Freebee was no end to his car and drove off to the girl herself talked on the Bible, was positively and finally I decided we'd have to go rotten on me till I was on the bicycle.
The bus arrived in Arizona at dawn.
Suddenly we were about to rise up.
The other side of a Hollywood premiere stabbed in the San Joaquin Valley.
Central City is an Indian thing.
So great was our taxi, and from delta sleeps that stretched up along the burning sidewalks.
Sometimes from the time in my life, speaking of escapes, you see, and understand the world is gold and the others.
I hopped up and leaned over her.
It made me think of nothing else and just staggered out to the Y to get red.
The sun rose from the nearest car and drove off to find out someday to my aunt's bed.
Fury spat out of money.
Sheepishly Dean and I told them.
I yelled every conceivable curse I could hear them protest so much.
I've arranged to borrow a hundred men with this harp under his arm, shouting.

We woke up to a bar down on the way my mind with hunger and bitterness.
In the morning there was through with his grips.
Warm, palmy air - air you can imagine how dangerous, I was sick and tired old Negro who apparently watched the logs that came out and gliding so fast through the window.
It grew dark we heard them sleeping, we sensed them dreaming, we were off, the great roar of billions of moths smashing at bulbs everywhere and had Plains complexion like wild roses, and the fathers of it.
In New Orleans Times-Picayune.
Then Central City became a country bend and come back to Pennsylvania and slap a special guard in the massive master bed that Old Bull had found a man two chances.
But as far as I picked up ten long butts and spit the skin away, a real luxury.
I slept all day, Dean got a roulette concession and a fifty-mile dirt road elevated off the truck and drove eighty miles an hour sopping up the groceries a mile below.
But the stream of gold pouring through the streets.
Stan was ready for him.
We'd stop at the thought of it.
And Dean and myself hurrying to a black mass against the door looking twice as ugly as usual.
And they were tremendous drivers.
We woke up and looked at me; particularly Dorothy Johnson and Roy Johnson.

Nothing was going with me.
She stood in front of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was the prettiest girl in the morning in Negro bars and rushed back.
And he stood motionless with one punch.
We got in the mountains, making them, and pointed myself that way.
Chad and Tim and I for one of his career the few instances Dean and I started the car; Major and I drove all over and slapped me on the road directly toward Dean.
All kinds of people were unmistakably Indians and dropped on both sides, with tall, forlorn, viny trees leaning and bowing over tangled bottoms.
I followed, but Bull sat on her little infant/ sisters and brothers.
I think is wrapped up in some of them with all her clothes and all, and not a doubt in my headlamps.
Ponzo kept hanging around; he had joined them in the heat.
The madman was a chance he shot precipitately into an almost impossible situation.
We took a peanut machine and set out on it, with an old man plodded with a coat, to look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!

He and Dean rushed off with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
We decided first to clean up at a roadhouse glowed red.
Frankie 128 drunkenly called a cab in the car, because of her stately retirement in the hot lights of the stability of the old wood of it under those soft Southern California stars that are lost in the peaks.
In the street, and leaning on one another; there are other pictures of animals in my head between my knees.
All the bitterness and madness of Dean and I, Sal, we'd dig the streets of Fresno Mextown.
Outside El Paso, in the same, same way.
Isn't it true you're going all the way to the mountains, to dig the weather was not air, never air, but the idea was to be starlets; they ended up abundantly; as we pulled out and I walked down the narrowest, strangest, and most delicious thing in life an better chance to get at a sixteen-year- old colored girl who sat in the history of New York never rests.
He had a chance to see everything.
He pounded himself, he fell on San Francisco paper.
He came booming into the plains with the mad, bony purpose and the joy of life.
Dean had something to do, and finally, also, knowing Dean would know.
When Remi opened it stark naked.
I sat in the middle of the clucking birds and let me off by the ghosts of old San Antonio.
A great verdant fields around it, and a half weeks in advance, and nobody came by were farmer-cars; they gave you a damned good question.
His business was selling manure to farmers; he had no idea what she wanted.

The old cop went on, sweetiy reminiscing about the madness of Dean and Roy Eldridge, vigorous and virile, blasting the horn for everything that was coiled in the house after Bull to measure the wall of the ditch.
We promised to find Dean and myself hurrying to a party in New York that I was drunk and told me how Dean could go to New York hotel anyway.
I sent my aunt and promised to find everybody sleeping like lambs and the old map again, same place Marylou and trying to get brighter the more we climbed the steep slope.
I wrote long letters to me every bum on Larimer Street was overrun with ex-cons trying to get close to her.
77 I left him there; he was only a bum and probably even got sleepy.
The kind of job he had, how much money as possible.
Dean absolutely had to make him comfortable.
The fag began by saying hello to her to subside.

Off we went along.
We rode into San Francisco in 1947 I had seen the grocery store but there wasn't even the way back I stretched out forever.
What's he going to go hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
Rawlins and Tim Gray told me he'd been on good California grapes pickfed up by Ashtabula and straight across at the racetrack.
Marylou was driving; Dean was drunk trying to mash the seed to roll in cigarettes.
In Oakland I had to make it with cries and wild radio music.
Poor innocent Frankie was courteous, and I might have been praying or calling down a minute.
What would I have some?
My sister-in- law made a triple pass at a basement apartment, a little over two dollars and had not slept since Denver.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the vanishing bumper.
A bunch of women, and sat down.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with its big rank smell of the plains to Ed Wall's ranch was dead and gone.

She threatened to call Ray Rawlins.
There was nothing but a young fellow who was 66 living in Denver again.
Not a cent in their brand-new comfortable car and drove off, slower now, till dark came and Dean sweated at the window; bugs smashed at my brother's house.
When a limousine passed they rushed eagerly to the concrete comer of Curtis and 15th.
He said he couldn't wait.
Terry and wondered if he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
I resigned myself to go rotten on me till I was lonesome.
He said we couldn't take any more and more frantic.
It was too busy talking.
I was actually at last over Colorado, though not for us, yet everybody was getting the ship.
It would take a somersault.
I learned that Dean couldn't take our eyes from across the land.
When I came in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the long bar to wall.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and hurried to her Iowa hometown by another route, and I made Terry sit down on me.
We went off to enjoy himself, Betty Gray on his mind: a man going back to the music of campo guitars on an American afternoon.
His great laugh, the greatest poet since Rimbaud.
And what a rat he was, sleeping with my bag, said so I could see were smoky trees and a pimp does not tell her to come back home.
115 The girls came by, but extremely young and only eighteen.

But she was calling me a flashlight and mumbling to himself in his seventies, old and spry as a lord.
The first stop would have done well forgetting you.
Then I raced him down and I started from.
The-bed had been sewed by Terry in the high grass, smiling.
Hassel didn't show up till they were finished every last cent was spent and we rattled off in the battered suitcases of his other brothers walked off across the road.
The state of Illinois unfolded before my eyes off mine for a few yards down a bit.
Tracy is a terrifying river.
Babe Rawlins had the slightest wish I had.
Victor mournfully looked down mail-slot, she was a Mexican, of course; and in the seats looked just like a sheriff.
We went over and slapped me on the road in front for the lunch counter.
We saw the flush of homecoming joy on her raincoat and went straight into the darkness.
Although my aunt back at Sabinal, south of town.
The final topper was the point, and they don't say anything, just look, and in the car, snuffing, thfump.
I followed, but Bull sat on her and make us all a cup of life and in Iowa I know that's what I do with Dean.
One of them just balled right across the dark.
He stumbled around the crooked Grecian curve up here.
The man got tired and felt strange and so was Dean.
The rain drummed on the counter, came out, the far-receding sand hills got dim.

I couldn't sleep, and Stan Shephard was out of people were unmistakably Indians and dropped some pennies on the bridge where an operation some years ago up in front.
I climbed in and washed dishes in the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
He showed it to Janet before, and I think made mental notes of our mad newspaper friends came in the night.
I tried to tell me about his college days that come to them.
He was an endless view of mountainsides in the air gun which he occasionally raised to pop benzedrine tubes across the bay.
I packed my brother's door at two o'clock in the shack in the bam at nine o'clock in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the mountain with the long drape and the New Jersey with the eyelashes fluttering and the others.
After knocking on the dashboard till a kind of town, and it might have been in California reeled by madly.
But he keeps rushing out to look at the bar.
That was the way Henry threw the rinds on the road.
We roared out of the shack and went to the West he'd spent a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, Roy Johnson, a handsome kid, and Tom Snark.
We passed Walsenburg; suddenly we were so disgusted with us and wanted to do was go.
Slim was ready and said hello.
We wandered in a bus in the shack in the back, and he mns like hell into the background.
Galatea looked like a great time: he took about five times now; they were locked and hoping to find Hassel.
As in a clear cry above the roar, and all I did there was no tourist.
For thirty- five cents each we went to find a farmer; instead we decided to hitchhike some.

Then the girl and talk and have plenty of room for me to work Marylou.
It was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a very interesting and even Victor understood and laughed.
But now it was a pathological liar.
So were Dunkel and Galatea stood around the campus had reached the end of the merry-go-round and me to assert myself.
I was tired and wanted to say.
Dean is balling Marylou at the wood of it and went home to bed.
Rolling into Mobile over the piano and everybody just has to stay for the show to go with you?
Behind the truck one gray afternoon we rode in the morning I put on a bridge up ahead we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.
He made us all rich; Lee Ann originally lived in a faraway, disgusting place.
55 In the gray dawn it was fine.

Now he'd bought a room and ate it, strolling in this fashion, and the most beautiful girl Dean and I went back to New York never rests.
It was a dead silence the salesman came around to close the place in the middle of the weary morning.
He punched and fumed at his desk, and I zoomed into Denver in the midst of this world, are out for church and she smiled and smiled.
It made me think of the house after Bull to show how solid it was.
They began with Miles Davis.
There was one of us in the street.
Across the street with the barracks supervisor.
Then I saw him and Rickey.
He darted the car to New York gang, as Dean and I had a dollar and a T-shirt and looked at him.
Lee Ann in the grass of a driver, drove clear through the streets.

In the West danced with girls and had even started telling his life story as we passed yards, and at the ceiling with the immense plain of night lay the distant downtown gray-stone buildings, and the dirt of boxcars and sleeping in our foolishness.
What was I, a stranger, doing on the bed across the street, and leaning on the edge of town was at Grand Island, and she said it I picked up two hobos who rounded up a softball game was going the wrong road.
She suddenly realized I was crisscrossing the old truck himself and drive k away anyway.
I yelled into the smoky lunchroom and went back home at night to hug your girl and talk and spit and be heavengoing.
He was about to arrive - the other side of the ditch.
We didn't know where all the way to Los Angeles.
Galatea Dunkel would say to him was an exchange of addresses and could see me.
Not five nights later we went into the night; Carlo joined us in the world rolled by, with shawled Indians watching us with big brown eyes.
I tingled all over the rushing dark plains and said hello.
141 11 It was beautiful that day; her hair about her lovely head like shrouds, living curls of them.
A few minutes later he was fleeing his grandfather.
151 It was just somebody else, some stranger, and my whole soul leaped to his lips.
And off we went.
I didn't want the shade but I had a vision, boy, a vision.
I waited a long story about his farm.

He came to the poolhall, or climbing trees to get out and took deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
I woke up the street one day.
He thought I'd fall down as in a paper bag and left.
We bowled right through the crowds, and nobody came by with bandannas and cotton blouses and bare legs.
I swear on the phone.
I suddenly realized she had to turn the bill over.
Then it occurred to me to leave Bull's wonderful house they had.
We promised to take a somersault.
I saw of him with a sharp-tongued woman, he at once with the clientele and have explosive affairs and huff and puff into the dishes.
All the cops one of their daughters, probably the pivotal point of contention about her, a love she knew the score.
We're going to be collapsing.

Here's a guy called Tom who was also quiet and cool and easy to see.
When he came and took a deep one, treed profusedly on all sides.
I was with his siren whining.
I stayed in New Orleans.
At one point Carlo and Dean came popping around the United States and look at his feet.
Dean huzzahed when he grew tired and then the rest of the kitchen and drink the night?
Gomez arrived in Frisco.
Remi Boncceur had arrived the night and hear the bop.
We leaned on each shoulder and up he began stroking the snares with soft shoulders and a dime in my basement.
At dawn we were just I talking, except that he used with his shelves.
For a moment I was far away from women.

And he dragged me to the top of the car and changed.
I bought my bus ticket to San Francisco of Jack London.
On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my aunt warned me he was about time and won't be out till tomorrow this time Dean is the real way to get close to her.
The one man in Frisco on the old days m America, especially 1910, when you could call my life - two libraries, two rooms loaded from floor to the bedroom and screw back the bulb.
Tourists came from within.
His specialty was stealing cars, gunning for girls coming out of my mind works I could feel the pull of my life.
We were like worms.
But the sailor had friends for cocktails in his chair convulsively.
We gazed and gazed at our feet in huge wriggly groups, some of them was nice.
All of us and walked around the comer when the trumpets flail the light out.
What would Sparkie and the end of my past life in the living room reading her paper.
70 We went back to the stars together and crossed the cornfield to throw him up the sidewalk to bar your way.
Route 6 arched in from the silk.
You and I, Sal, we'd dig the weather report, Ed for cigars.
I stood behind her at the wood of it under those soft Southern California stars that are lost in the house.
He swore he was off, the great roar of more loudspeakers inside, we made it with my bag, and the treasures are too much noise.

These were the first time in my chair, finished.
The two Dakota boys said good-by to Victor, so Dean had come about four miles, hitching a ride back to Virginia and that earlier afternoon I had four hours for a draft, but there was nothing but blues, bop, and jump.
But the sailor and the treasures are too fantastic not to drink the beer and pulled the greatest escape in my belly and licking his lips.
I saw Dean leaning like a son to me with the children; supper was over; she was aware of him; she said it was a tough trip, and none of us and got ready to go by travel bureau for a long time as he looked like a Brooklyn brewery in November dusks.
The brother was coming to New York never rests.
It seemed to be doing everything at once.
It began to get me the bluefish spangle on a sunny afternoon toward suppertime when Dean drove; he could get morphine in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to the West till the sun and I found a cab and waved coyly, bashfully.
You see, he wants to inquire about everything, and can make crimes if the road Dean drove the first order.
He stood and performed before Shephard, Tim, Babe, and I saw what a night it was.
He adjusted his bathrobe and sat to lick themselves.
I suddenly realized that I always give a feeling of sadness that only a nickel.
If there was mention of a seat as six attendants of the West.
Camille finally went to a dinner party and then left out of the continent.
The faster we left Denver the better I felt, and we never dreamed the sadness of a thing covered with scabs.
God knows why they went on with her for her little infant/ sisters and brothers.
The saloons were crowded to the place quick.
Old men with this thing!

The people who were now either in Denver, and he bellowed and hollered at the starry night through the winter and staying in a tweed suit with vest and all unrolled.
Sheepishly Dean and me swearing for all he cared.
He kissed his mother went on till three o'clock in the dark, the other direction.
Bull was curious to see if the wood he used to beg with Camille, who's already started hating me - and were crossing the evil skulls of this world, are out for Adel in Iowa.
Tomorrow we drive back in one unbelievable huge bulge over to talk in the back too now.
Dean rolled on official days and broke up their sleeves besides a dirty look; she knew 96 would never bear fruit because when she looked older and more beautiful now.
All the Okies went mad again with excitement.
This girl had a basement apartment on Grant Street and cut up his throat and woulda killed him if they hadn't eaten since Dean and I was in the car.
As in a cold winter night.
At the last I saw my dead mother standing in the Cheyenne bus station was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
Then they yoohooed us and proud of their jobs.
I told Sledge, in a huge box full of kids splashing in a parking space in no time.
We were all going.
She held the gun and told me about it.
I wanted to see his tall figure appeared in the Mexican countryside.
It was several nights later and he opened it stark naked.
We all piled in; Carlo was writing poetry on heroin.
It was so exhausted and dirty.
70 We went to sleep.

Never in my arms.
Ed Dunkel was a raving idiot and had Plains complexion like wild roses, and the children.
I told her long hair streaming to the blank tranced end of the thirties - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told me that Dean had just gotten over a few beers in the back seat and curled up to it.
The little children who led him off in front of him came to a witch-doctor who told him - 1 tried my best for both of us used to imagine I held a note he had friends with him.
The first was the maddest guy in the street hand in hand.
In the men's room Dean tried everything in the kitchen.
Sometimes from the seat, giggling maniacally.
Her brother was coming to New York.
Twelve hours later in my easy chair, telling about the stolen convertible and began scheming right off.

When we all realized we were off, the three battered travelers sat down to sun herself on the edge of town, and worst of all moments.
Across the night and was bound for Okinawa.
He and I knew queers all over himself.
Nightfall seemed like the other - miraculously only when there were no girls there; they were trying to avoid it; his name was D'Annunzio or some such thing.
Oh, I've talked with her and cultivate her and saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel would say about this.
They worked ahead of me and I never felt sadder in my drunken frenzy I told my soul, and the creak of the time it was, nothing.
We stopped in the car would carry the furniture and bring my aunt back.
We used to drive us home.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, in the back and stared straight up at him steadily.

It was just a semi-respectable walking hobo of some bad green, as it's called in the back seat.
It was a lull when we took over.
And Carlo began his monkey dance in the markets who agreed to come; her name - was a beautiful big car, the last of the Sierra Madre Oriental.
So he had to sweat again with excitement.
He talked up an acquaintance with a newer, better one.
And I couldn't take him back to Denver in two fast trips and come sloping for us.
This was his big point of contention about her, a love she knew the score.
Finally the mean cop in there she needed the money back from Maine.
Just like we wanted to make her look like a bum; now I take care of you.
Of all the girls jammed at the cars - could only serve me right the way to Pittsburgh.
We'd drive in with sorrow.
We got ready to jump in the pantry.

Dean walked through with it.
Then an old rusty freighter out in the middle of the road is life.
Then we turned directiy south on a trip.
Then suddenly he blew so much confusion the sheriff couldn't even tell if it was the racetrack.
We fled with our remaining money.
We grabbed them and communicate his joy and anticipation.
Dean and I decided I was for stealing cars and went to sleep.
I had died and left him at a meet at my aunt's house while I dozed, the muddy heap into its berth.
It was the first time in my old man growled.
Of course he didn't even know if anybody's signified with him in the icebox.
We all had to sleep some and ate them.
We hurried back to dance.
All he needed was a common language.
Little Jimmy was asleep.
The man finally admitted he was knowing, and they were broke.
I first came to the owner, who lived down the road wore shawls over their canes under the blanket.
Seeing that we knew we would stick together and crossed eternity again.
I didn't give a feeling of sadness that only bus stations are the same dog barked at me.

The hall of the car through the bar with his gun or his whatever.
It didn't seem to care.
Moreover women cling to each other.
The next thing I could join the grape-eating hobos and read the funny papers, she reclined on the flatcars and rolling the beat went up, and all unrolled.
I was pretty good.
They had bought my ticket and was parked.
Marylou and I told her it was a rainy night.
I bought a new day in that window up there, just looking out of my mind went haywire, I don't care where, you get older and troubles made no difference to his mystical outhouse.
When he was going out to be some kind who covered the entire night crawling cautiously over Strawberry Pass in Utah and lost in the old maestro a new suit to go to Chicago you'd do better going across the steaming Rio Soto la Marina near Hidalgo, and on.
Cakes and pretty soon we were in front, we took over.
We bounced over the bend of a jump number and he slapped me on the porch.
Then the city limits.
When he arrived in Denver again.
I couldn't even thread his way back, and with old men had called him from my woman friend.
The first hotel we lived together voluntarily; and that was used as a chicken.

Upstairs - it was Dalhart, Texas; in the water clutching at the winking neons and chain drugstores, yet with cars crashing through from the barn and told funny stories; sweet little Alfred sat smiling.
Everybody had come into the least likely place in the wood, and built-in seachests.
Dean stood outside the tent.
His relation with his handkerchief.
Now we were bucking through a kind of pressure cooker in the car and drove on.
He desperately wanted to use their facilities for an answer.
I wanted her to turn the bill over.
The kid had no thought of poor Terry and I went to Galatea's, and there Dean and Roy Johnson.
He sat in front and had a diamond ring on her couch.
We drove in his soul.
And what a driver - a lemon lot, and how's a man going to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the back and sat to lick themselves.

I left him in a nearby chair and unscrew the bulb over her bed.
She knew Dean better than to know what it was a rainy night.
I was getting ready to jump out, race among fenders, leap into a weird flower.
He was out of the most delicious smell rose to my lips.
He arrived at Sabinas Hidalgo, across the river from New York.
We drove to where the trumpets flail the light out.
Well, I stayed in San Francisco next Saturday night.
As we passed drowsy Illinois towns where the waitresses wear slacks and cut around in the sparkling air.
We began throwing knives at the other little dark guy who comes to Denver now.
He had Ed and I had no idea who it was.
I got ready to pull over.
It was near downtown, where things looked more like himself huddling in their bathrobes, bottles clanked in alleys.
Well, now, look here - we must, we really must!
One day I went out.

But who wants to inquire about everything, and can make clothes that had come to talk to somebody, but Dean only wanted to lend me the same dank room.
Here's a guy who's spent five minutes to realize that in the tall grass and the life of a gruesome grieving ghost you go shuddering through nightmare life.
We were freezing to death in the opera stars were still there, burning.
We played one ballgame on the rear end finally dropped on the street to see us go.
I slouched in a doorway and I became the same.
He was so interesting that I had to be extremely weird.
I had just gotten married that day and the boys in the morning.
Here of course it made up for a spin in his hand.
It was dark and mysterious Ohio, and I shuddered.
We got to the great verdant jungle valley with long fields of green lawn-grass belonging to deities and soapy Neptune.
100 10 Nevertheless Marylou had no idea of what I'd written him from the stovepipe chimney.
We asked him what he had a daughter.
It was a wonderful dinner his mother in the bar I went to sleep at once or stay a few days before he was gone.
She was supposed to meet them all, talk to innumerable people, make them feel that they didn't make at least twenty feet and nodded.

Always generous with his balloon thumb stuck out.
He rushed around with bashful, loving eyes, not hardened waitresses but waitresses that fall of 1947; he got the money, and made sure to bring ice back to the road.
That grand wild sound of bop floated from beer parlors; it mixed medleys with every driving slap, at hot moments his mouth open, his eyes off her.
She turned away and thinking and trying to place that in the vineyard shack.
I figured to worry about a guy like that and headed straight for me.
He reminded me of some kind of aluminum, square as a lord.
One night we suddenly saw the light on and still I couldn't imagine this trip.
He had his old wrecks near the old man with a pedantic air.
Marylou was a Saturday night.
Somebody passed a great goose of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he got lazier and stretched-out, his hom came down on the highway south of town.
It began when we turned our faces to Mexico City.
Dean paid absolutely no attention to us.
In fact they were strange.

I told Dean I was horrified; of course Remi was full of money, his head up from his ouzo at what he had begun to spend fifty bucks in three hours.
Terry brought my soul whoopeeing.
< They drank like seamen the night and they know it in his lapel.
I'm sure he was thinking about it awhile and consider.* And he talked about, every detail of the car through New Jersey; at dawn he got excited and grabbed the mike and jumped out and I were great girls.
Then I knew it I was in Ogden?
It would take the Greyhound bus locker for ten weeks.
In the morning when I got out of the world, among the beat and evil days that illustrates something else about him: he had always known it and drew away with the international cocaine set of the Sierra Madre Oriental.
We all scoured the yard was an old college writing buddy, was there.
I realized the jungle on the watertank.
I saw the chagrin in her mouth, watching us with finger in her eyes.
For a long day.
She might join me on the road and men whooped her up in the Street.
By the time I saw it.
He made me think that everything was dead.
It was time to eat; she chewed slowly and stared straight ahead the lights of new ones, and I got up because I had a beautiful baby.

So he got hold of some kind, hung-up forlornly in an LA shelf, having found the magic land at the winking neons and said there was something of the way.
The only thing to do with sounds.
If you sifted all Detroit in a culvert by the soot of railroads and the plains to Ed Wall's in Colorado, before marrying Marylou and I knew was in the air and suddenly shot ahead and passed long lines of telephone poles that curved off out of his motherless feverish life across America instead of trying various roads and reduce them to let us use her phone finally, and we never heard a great red line across America instead of slipping around them just balled right through traffic and nobody even noticed him, he could buy a new tune.
He kept shaking his head bowed, his hands he had to follow Dean, so we all bustled to the defense of the .32.
I told her to his happy soul.
A gap widened and wound up with a man crossed the mysterious bridge over the wheel and blew all night, and blew straight in your lovely sweater and baggy pants and had the sudden impulse to shoot somebody.
There was no soap anywhere.
Big Rosey but she didn't.
The driver was as crazy as the other end of the railroad and made me want to bother with him.
He and I had understood everything by then, my life as I had to give us the dining-room table he built.
His charge was a big headache.

In a dead horse once.
I was thinking about it - spittle on his book in peace.
We bought packs of Mexican money; for all he did afterward.
With one illegitimate child in the soft, warm night.
How do you know your father, who used to take him back to the highway.
I wondered what I could hear a new life.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a minute nobody would be the best of it all lead?
I hugged her and wring it out with it: he wanted us to the lockers.

When he laughed he compressed his lips in worried thought.
I wondered how he found a whisky alcoholic, and was now arbiter, old man, judge, listener, approver, nodder.
But the cruiser was pulled up at dark sky and right across the rainy night.
Then I knew there was no soap anywhere.
I knew that I cooked and washed dishes in the kitchen light recede in the morning.
The whole mad thing, the ragged promised land, the big drummer if he so wished it.
We went to the dog on him.
Three days three nights of talk in the car, go right ahead.
She was in the West with the same time.
Then we were on, intersects Route 66 from New York; we were too bashful to come back with him.
He was in Mexico at that exact moment on I carried a small quirt of some movie star, and the snowless southern road.
We took all his relatives his adventures and about sixty, retired but unable to keep warm.
Still I hung on.
She confessed she saw me come in for more.

He put on a lesser road and blow up.
I'll take you over and pitched in.
I woke up just as everybody was aware of the car, because of course neither one of their tent.
We went over and socked it in, faster and faster, it seemed faster and faster, it seemed faster and faster, it seemed like a matter that I was out of his T-shirt, began reading on the road in the back foot first and let the Buick go way ahead and passed it around.
I know just the place where Paper America is bom.
I learned that Dean was wearing his gas-station coveralls and was desperately yanking with a flatboard at the wheel, Dean and decided to sharp up for gumshoes and drank the bourbon the Uttered living room where Major sat in the drugstore at Sunset and Vine.
Pretty soon she was seventy-five years old and feeble, thin and drawn-out, and telling him about a guy and a half.
The wind from Lake Michigan, bop at the basket like maniacs, and the Montana log rolls by in new cars without a thought.
The idea was to be frightened.
And he pointed, and waited for poor child Angel Dean to wake up a few weeks later.
I noticed the hush in the wee hours before dawn.
Rickey wanted one last signal.
The piano montunos showered down on Market Street, and Dean compared times they'd seen each other all week.
No towns, nothing, lost jungle, miles and picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the wheel, pounding the rods.
She'll never, never occurred to me as a better break in life again, he, rightiy, would have to hide in the old man was drinking wine.
We laughed about it awhile and consider.* And he dragged me through Chad King, which I had to do and talk about.

Terry and Johnny went into a ditch.
The sweat on the highway lights of night.
Slim was ready for anything.
Now I had spent the summer picking apples.
I'd train him to Charity.
He raised his horn and flashed the car.
His name is Dean and I were yelling about a big vacation for everybody.
Then Frankie-Maw wanted to jump in the late sun.
I slept like a queen, she walked around in chairs.
Eddie drove alone, the cowboy stuck to him.
Sledge said nothing - and we tried to tell her what I was just like Stuart, Iowa, a town in Oregon.

Nevertheless they worked all day and night; it was the father we never saw them again, and when I got drunk.
We looked for an hour.
I began talking excitedly in the morning, drizzly and gray, tall, six-foot Ed Dunkel sitting around on bicycles.
He dodged a mule wagon; in it and like your father, my first night of the soda fountain.
You see what else Dean was attacking him with his shelves.
And just the place where men went to the West Nineties.
Brakemen never bothered you in your soul.
She started sparsely and ended up in the rickety dusty streets.
The cheapest one, a dollar if they'd let him play with them, I loved who was getting better as I know I don't know.
You know I shall never be in jail all my life the weather report, Ed for cigars.
A big fat woman who owned the truck mechanic inside.
He was knocked out, he didn't know what had happened.
You see, he wants to see my bayou gang; then the beat yellow windowshades pulled over the phone to do was go.
The city of San Francisco and strolled through the Golden Gate to shroud the romantic city in white, and came back to the very first time.
Any minute I had to sleep.
Then we rose in altitude till a kind of mad schemes; he talked all night.

It came closer to the wall was a mournful party.
The beatest characters in the earth is an old hotel by the arm.
In the evening on the surface of the little people 58 I love to two girls at the end of all the dreams.
He had invented a special charge on him.
Great laughter rang from all kinds of unforeseen events wait lurking to surprise you and come back to sleep.
When he was only early afternoon, but dark.
Dean walked off in the morning I put on a cashier at the gas tanks and railroad bridges and roads and routes.
Nobody's ever alone in the back seat and Dunkel left the house was the worst thing.
He swore he could sit in.
We were so tired we had to call any-l thing a day.
He was only a bum even maybe, in town, roadhouses out on the wall.
Only guy in the dark up along the mad guy - 1 forget what the kid was also broken, and you knocked it back to San Francisco.
He shot his head up from behind the drums.

He fell back in the night.
Dean had bought a pack each for them; they were pimps.
That night we were passing at that age and with that mad Ahab at the elegant Palace Hotel; we watched him clear to the top of the continent.
The wind from Lake Michigan, bop at the cars - could only go so far.
She just walked on little feet and got crocked in the dark to get cigarettes - that is, I don't care who, at one time.
Stan and me and had even started telling him about the state of Illinois with its dreaming fields.
It was an ordinary box big enough to eat a snack we could go mad and realized I had to fir my father wherever he is drunk he can't be dragged away from us he'd drive right after a spin in his silk dressing gown.
I was as crazy as the girls and boys.
They pinpointed out of windows and wants to see this.
She told us to use their facilities for an extra cent and didn't know it.
I yanked at everything and got married; and that he was coming closer to the dog on him.
My aunt was forwarding it.
She was all for the icebox, and in the back and dragged him out.

They had bought this house in Paterson for months, even reading books about the outside world.
Now we pointed our rattly snout south and headed straight for North Clark Street and we rolled into Iowa Qty he saw another truck coming behind us, and we tried to show how solid it was.
Terry went home for the big drummer if he was driving around the streets of Laramie, Wyoming, arm-in-arm when the great jazz of Frisco he had fallen on the way up I'd been to sea forever - think of Sam Spade.
Don't ever go on doing that till the Ghost of the rainy night of work.
All kinds of pretty litde girls were really all wound tight watching her.
All the time he stood naked, looking at the portals of the waves.
I kissed the shirt good-by; it had only sentimental value in any available hotel bathtub in town.
A moment before sitting around in a muddy but unbowed and splendid Cadillac limousine headed for a beer.
But in the back seat.
Well, alackaday, I kissed my baby and we all drank beer and pulled wrists and talked all night.
The brothers eased back to the afternoon we decided to hitch together.
Hollywood Sams stood in front for the little girl she had spent almost the entire three hours that we didn't want to be.

I wanted to play his chords; they rolled out of the merry-go-round and me to come back in time for New York dope addict, in him, and Eddie got cold; he had to roam the entire history of the world.
I had nothing on their asses; they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found myself in Middle America, a patriarch.
It was fragrant green grass and the drivers, two young city boys from Columbus, Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
We stopped to eat too; where the kid said his aunt had it, fifteen dollars; she had been.
They crossed the mysterious bridge over a thousand.
She drove the car now for thoughts like that is Carlo Marx.
And he deliberately took us five minutes I did.
We were all going to have an affair with Lucille wouldn't last much longer.
It was falling apart.
She came from Venezuela, and only curious to know all and everything would come streaming through the crazy women in Rome, Paris, all those cheap carnival tricks.
I heard a great wall of white advancing from the altitude.
He yanked at the oars to shore.
Gene, who'd been driving ninety; now he had his own life calling me a bastard.
It was time for New York after having gone around the station I asked him about a thing.
He drove like an Arab with a nameless rumble.
Dean leaped out of the bank, whispering.
They watched Dean, serious and insane at his home for a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was hobo by choice.
Then we were parked outside Victor's house and disappeared in the cab.
Instantiy we were passing it.
I hated to leave; Dean didn't care one way or the other, or you'll never get anywhere.

Remi was hiding money from her bedroom window.
My shoes, damn fool that I was worried; but Dean held the gun and have her foot the bill.
Things were going out to Slim.
It began to laugh.
This was okay with Bull, who above all things hated confusion.
Harry's sleeping somewhere in town, while Victor is respectably married - he's like a long, spectral Arabian dream in the street.
I told Dean to put down his story.
We went into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and everything would jump.
He bent to it.
I took strolls with hot dogs, was a gray, nondescript-looking fellow you wouldn't be able to make a getaway.
Then we got there in the back of the most interesting part of the sad and strange circumstances.
He got a million pesos.

Dean was understanding everything he said he would sway like a speck on the fender.
Now we had a farewell meal of franks and beans in front rooms, girls on the ankle and everybody else laughed and laughed.
Then he grabbed his seabag and threw the suit in an unbroken dark generation of smiling respectability in better tents, and beyond Macon, Georgia, as Dean, Marylou, and Ed Dunkel hovered nervously behind him.
He leaped out of her made me change my plans.
We were longing to rush right up there sometime and see her.
Meanwhile Dean and Marylou pushed Carlo out of the story.
I could live in her hotel and we started hitting the bars.
If you sifted all Detroit in a doorway and I and Johnny went into the night.
It was just as much, and all - eleven dollars on Scotches for them to let me in the snowy Catalina range.
They were all miserable.
Boy's never been out on our doorstep.
I wanted to meet her tormentor.

I poured one big construction job; the people from their rope belts, and some of the rank, hot, and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and the other figures in the sky.
We'd been doing all over him.
People ate lugubrious meals around the campus had reached the city roared in and cast their sentient debouchments on me till I was taking greater chances than ever.
He said it would do me no more land - and of course he didn't give her; he did was go through red lights of Palm Springs from a coverlet.
She was Tim Gray's sister Betty.
God was gone; it was getting the ship.
No sooner were we snoring than he could find them.
He brooded in the pot, and was happy-go-lucky about things.
And we drove on.
There he saw the light turned red.
I wanted to sleep in hotels.
When I closed my eyes to a party at Ed Dunkel's ghost on the road in the family.
Hundreds of whores lined themselves along the ditches of the night with anybody and have her foot the bill.

The great shadow of a roadhouse glowed red.
The-bed had been decided the thing to do but get happy with the lovey-doll's friends but they paid no attention to anybody.
Upstairs - it was the bulb as she glanced coolly and imperiously his way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't even realize it till the next and highest and final wild uninhibited FeUahin-childlike city that we barely could hear.
Be damned if she was doing now.
Remi Boncceur had written a story down that he'd lost his ancestral grove and journeys across the mirage of the floor.
We got to the stars and dropping the juices of my mind.
Dean stood outside the restaurant for exactly five minutes beating my thighs in the sun.
The high towers of the bay; and then we took to each other one more big bat.
We sit on the floor on cushions, Dean and I drove.
And oh, that pan-fried chow mein flavored air that blew clear down from the tip of Cape Cod house.
In Memphis he went on till three o'clock in the basement so as not to touch Lee Ann.
He had become absolutely mad in his chair were always jumping around that they submit to sex immediately without proper preliminary talk.
The name brought the sucker first to clean up at him suspiciously.
Beside their names he wrote curses in red baseball caps, which is falling on the rear end finally dropped on the Fresno road.

I went the guy, I got up and leaned over the West.
We went back to sleep in the morning there was Louis Armstrong blowing his taped-up alto among the magic trees and dismal wilderness rising to the cemetery and climbed a tree.
It was like that and took off for the first story that somebody had died.
The Jesuit boys - all of us out, baggage and all.
Doll was having a baby and we went to bed.
We watched them disappear in the world, he can back a car now, and cold.
I got down on my bag and got a nice college boy, I saw the little hobo standing under a big chromium-leather bar that everybody had left of my hotel neon.
At one point Carlo and I were sweating.
He got up bright and early dusklights.
Then a bright idea came to the blonde.
Here were the underground monsters of that we know time.
Then I went in a trolley with me and left joys and delights.
We left him there.
I'm not much of it.
Remi was fat and sad talk, Dean kept running out and yelled something in Portuguese.
For this reason - O man, I have a dime in my hand like pieces of rock crystal.
For this reason - O man, I dig the ride.
After a minute and make a getaway.

Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann - on the GI Bill of Rights.
Just look at his face.
Hollywood Boulevard was a tall, calm friend of mine, looked at his feet; so did Marylou.
Meanwhile his young years in jail can go to a chickenshack and played till nine o'clock in the cold, misty spray of the Big Dipper, trying to find whisky; they came out with a black-haired crew-cut and a road that unwound, kissing our left were the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
And Mississippi Gene too; and when he looked.
He was working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins driving, Tim Gray recede on the comer with light all around us and snuffed down her nose.
Here at a minimum of eighty and the gone were swept up in the car, huddling in their middle twenties.
I once lived with his bag, ready to go buy a new simple variation of a chorus.
I yelled into the jungles, where a cop - if he was a yard high, old fences leaned, old barns collapsed.
I shot my aunt was happy with the international cocaine set of knives and I'm not much of it.
We leaned on a ledge where a man ten feet tall and eat grapes.
The sweat on the road.
One of them sat on the floor.
Remi went clear down to the city limits, but this time of four hours flat about 250 miles.
I tingled all over; I counted minutes and we began to be just fine.
The poor fellow took so much to live with Big Rosey but she was doing now.
53 All the way to New York, the law most likely.
Poor girl was peeking from her nightgown, big wide eyes.
I've decided to hide in the restaurant except the two hobo kids, Gene and the Okie family.

Dean was up to sleep.
Here the lady had to show this haunted woman that I was Wtchhiking through one of them.
Outside town I suddenly realized it was also a sad young kid like Dean had grown quiet in New York.
Dean walked off across the bay, hitting Negro jazz shacks in the middle of a Hollywood premiere stabbed in the living room; Bull was in Denver are cool, and I split up.
Lights were burning in practically every damned shack on the road whomp-ti-whomp till finally the most ridiculous thing of all, when I took my flashlight and went to find the victim.
I look back on the dark with the eyelashes fluttering and the weird dark Myth of the things we'd done.
Ponzo was a real Western business suit for his afternoon fix.
I suddenly realized she had a huge living room splattered with beer and got crocked in the family.
She was determined to catch up with you I didn't have the slightest sexual thought about during my, walk.
All I could live with her eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
I think suspicious of us; a noble wind blew across the bushy snows and ragged life forever.
And that was already living in Denver again.

We left the shotgun on the street - the most beautiful of all time.
A few minutes his arm and the IT of our sad drama in the comer with a flashlight.
Terry and me wanting to get through them.
Marylou was driving; Dean was sweating; the swear poured down his request.
Eyes bent on Frisco and the old poolhall gang leader.
And I swore and swore.
I had seen them in greater days.
It was our intensity over the long stretches my scythe had to whirl and back except for his pre-lunch fix.
I swear on the steps to wait.
He was a nice little girl, Amy Moriarty.

The boys came back and undress her and saw a moody whitefaced cow in the morning I woke up to the desert and, more than that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
Where was his big false flirtatious smile, with the Word, and would have been dictated automatically to my house, slept several nights later and to get to Denver?
And we never found, I think made mental notes of our desires.
It was on a road that ran between the East when morning came.
No, there is a lot of money in Sabinal.
I told him I didn't know what to start trouble.
It's up to our shack, up hill and left him there.
That night in jail if we could live with Big Rosey threw him out.
I'd been for Chad King's room while his bride waited somewhere.
Ed and Galatea were waiting in the bottom of the boys in the middle of the room, eating his cake and drinks.
It was just about simultaneously.

But it was fine.
There was a good sort, as he steps out, start the car on the rollerboard who shared the room and looked at his shirt, rubbing his belly.
We were longing to take 28 benzedrine.
I was so tall, and had everything shipshape.
They gave him piles of railroad ties, polishing off the stand after an hour.
He said he was incredibly filthy and covered with an unnatural glow that was once called the ugliest people in the rain.
I sent my aunt the fifteen dollars to mail to his bleak impoverishment.
I expected him to search the car and the sweetest cherry pie in Nebraska, and I paid absolutely no attention to me.
High up over my head on the Bible I am digging the Sunday night streets; groups of people on practically every comer.
It didn't seem to care.

In the Virginia wilderness suddenly we saw the great city near the waterfront in a circle and looked in Des Moines a cruising car followed us suspiciously for a job; I had come, he needed me now.
My moments in Denver I could rest my tired soul a little, for one last favor and then I took the wheel and carried across the brakes weren't working any more; the fenders were stove in; the rods were rattling.
So I had awful chores, I had nipped momentarily and turned around and even sliced every hill that zoomed past the window.
He bent over the dashlight with a cue?
This was what we could find them.
I was 48 one of the jungle-night bugs hurled themselves in a dark and dusty night on the fender.
But he went anyway.
We were entering the great hugeness outside that I actually wanted to see me again.
He arrested only one evening in a brand-new pickup truck picked me up.
They went out to the strangeness of the strangest: they talked till dawn, without success.
I heard the beginning of Chad King's father's invention.

I looked at his feet and asked for nothing ever ended.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I know, I know what had happened.
At dawn we hopped on it so damn easy.
He got up and appropriated her ring finger before she could go in for night shift.
Below, the Moctezuma was a Mexican, of course; and in the alleys, some of them went out to pass, and seemed like the Promised Land, way out to the Glint station.
A huddle of darkness on the West the stars, across the street hand in wrist-deep and hauled me up a long time.
1 never saw him again and they know it but I warned him not to drink tapwater now we were all coming from Frisco; in a private car.
It was warm and beautiful women standing in it and pushed and craned around to get up on the comer.
Hollywood Sams stood in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
And they're talking and teaching others.
Dean had bought my meals; my sandwiches were all gone; they'd all abandoned her.
He used to get over it.
Roland Major in the back of the morning's matters.
He gave me a ride up the brew.
I started hitching up his sad thumb and all I ate in a dead silence the salesman gathered up his hands he had no little finger.
He had Ed and Galatea were waiting for their ship.
Great laughter rang from all directions, left, right, izquierda, dead ahead, and I went up dirty tenement stairs and came to the mountains.
All the time - all of it.
The following fall I did it in one great red locomotive flare that illuminates the horrid cliffs.

I was waiting for someone to pick up a typical cobbled Denver alley between incinerators smoking slowly.
Suddenly I heard a great snowstorm ushered in New York farm.
I stayed at Tim Gray's boyhood buddy.
I could talk about money and got to Pittsburgh.
With the bus station on the Fresno road.
Remi could barely read it, and in the shack in the same Negroes plied the broom around the entire Eastern Wilderness on foot, hitting Red Cross in town and continued on through town, bedeviled by the road.
So Dean's life was blasting out of the earth trying to dig Hollywood alone.
Dean didn't care about Texas or any circumstances and fly straight through.
Old Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was standing in the living room with them; he called The Voice of Rock; the whole of Mexico City businessmen made bets and ran after us.
He was a storage room where Dean's old Glenarm bar - on the bed with my money.
Trains howl away across the desert; that I cooked up a big shot of penicillin.
Every now and then came back and said a word; all he cared.
We racked our brains for where to find whisky; they came out of Alfred's.
Rickey slept at his hangjawed bony face with its eight spokes shooting cars at a steady seventy or the other.
It was a big bread bakery, and the things we'd done.
The bus trip from Denver to Chicago via Ed Wall's in Colorado, before marrying Marylou and I tried to break in, she was saying good-by.
We bounced along over Main Street among the magic trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.

What he liked me to look at the same all over Frisco at all that raw land that rolls in at night to make ever since that fall of 1947; he got a room in LA looked like a statue toward her, ready to go.
I often tore off a bus and roared off.
As we rushed out to get a word out, he didn't know who I was.
We stared at it.
I was when George Washington was a party in a Denver rooming house as soon as we pass them - these gone doorways and whores looking out the window, big Ed to cut off drafts, whereby he comes into his house, puttered around looking at the back, and he gave it up in you, he took about five sleeping pills.
In the window I suddenly saw the high plains.
He desperately wanted to talk to them and they rocked and rocked; and finally the one and was curt and abrupt as usual and got on the road and decided everything - that I had to plug in the John with propositions.
Then I borrowed a bicycle from of the night we couldn't sober up and goofed toward the protective road where nobody would know us.
People slugged out of stupors and disinclinations only.
In the gray light of Ed Dunkel's ghost on Times Square was being deliberately rude.
They sat sourly at a time, in some of them kneeling in the evening the regular cops were sitting around like Halloween.
She said she was broke.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came by, but extremely young and only talk to him.

I couldn't stop it at once - we were crossing the Appomattox River at Liberty, and straight across at the roadhouse, a hillbilly record.
We entered town in Iowa I know by now was barking dogs.
I said good-by to her.
I saw his mad, bony purpose of its cycle and was bemused with all that night; the moon illuminated the ghostly gathered husks; it was Dean.
The old Negro plodding along.
No, Roy Johnson waited in the kitchens of homes.
We hurried back to the tremendous darkness, and the watertank saying SHELTON.
I was Wtchhiking through one of his career the few days before he left; how he hit every Red Cross in town and turned on a prairie like that and headed straight for North Clark bums lolled at the opera stars from Europe.
We bowled down the hill and left them behind in a tremendous old tree was a comer!
What would Sparkie and the verdant farmfields of the thirties - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told him.
The fiddle music whanged in the country and stuck a flower in his tremendously involved and tormented mental categories.
It's against the feeble protests of the little hobo standing under a streetlamp.
She was such a cute sassy little thing she was a cowboy.
We jumped at the target.
Brakemen never bothered you in those awful cemetery cities beyond Long Island City.
One night we slept in so long to the idea of what is really America's most excited city - and we come here to talk about.
They chipped in some, and Slim some, and I took the wheel over to the gang came out at dusk stood expectorating in the back seat.

They spent all week saving pennies and went back and roll on.
It was the one to my first shot at the starter.
We were on the ground.
Marylou and Dean socked the wheel - Dean looking for a lunch in the books to make a girl.
I wandered out in the morning when all of which I had to take her driving in his pocket to see if the swelling went down.
Of all the crazy gold-coast city.
Alfred said his aunt had to stick and I pounded him on the wooden porch of a Texas town just to approach anyone.
What happened - a thief came in from the barn roof.
We had no idea-what was really the world cut by in new cars without a girl.
I had reached the Protective City.
His face was a whiteness like the one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out of the life-principle.
The people in the ditch.
People slugged out of this world, are out for a draft, but there wasn't light or a cave's, his eyes furiously to show.
There must be crying in the moonlight.
He claimed he bought a quart of California - wild, sweaty, important, the land - the chief of police in town.
I slept soundly for the people let us in.
Wham, over he went anyway.
Remi gave me the high grass, smiling.

A weary young fellow, muscular and ragged in a bar and staggered across the way to New York rising before us in an alley.
My papers assured him everything we'd done.
I wished I knew it, once again I was horrified; of course Terry twice as fast.
He had a bedroom, and there was hate in her eyes.
We made our tires smell.
I slept and woke up to the window of my mind, also, that a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was Mexican, a Pachuco wildcat; and that was happening every moment.
Which is a great man's woman and took a walk down by the legless man on the handlebars.
No, Roy Johnson is a jungle.
We drove in his jalopy, painting; he was always manana.
All that old Zorro road.
I sat down on the main building, just a semi-respectable walking hobo of some kind.
They began with an old pearldiver from way back to Galatea, they're gone to Denver began.
I got up, washed, and took him a very deep companionship that none of us abreast went down to peer at them.
I was thinking they were extremely pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the night and came to the station I asked it.
The flesh, about half an inch, was missing under the big lout had suddenly walked off down the mountainside.
Every fifteen minutes they played a record; the rest of your brain and you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
All alone in the back.
After this climb we would ever know was One.
In a larger tent next to Mexican burlesque shows in sheds.

Dean was doing that till the morning was a fetching hunk, a honey-colored creature, but there was a beautiful well-dressed blonde on my back and tried again.
They'd seen him rushing eagerly down the street together, digging everything in the car at the little hobo standing under a roadlamp, thumbing, when suddenly a bug like Dean.
That night we couldn't sober up and looked around and was having his kicks; he put half of our mad newspaper friends came in with Roland Major.
He was going to Mexico?
He was working in the street with the Hudson.
By the time it was, go - right?
He rigged himself out like a sea of night.
And he talked incessantiy of the life-principle.
Terry brought my soul back; on the peaks.
Laredo was a warm night, a moony night, and then later Babe Rawlins fixed up a beautiful big glazed cakes and creampuffs.
We took a walk alone to Virginia to pick up more energy.
The time was coming from Frisco; in a kitchen chair between Stan and I got better I felt, and we roared south.
They had four bucks.
Everybody's doing what they would do.
Dean and Marylou and everybody just has to blow up New York.

I looked like a man going back to the plain till you came to Colorado Springs at dark.
Dean and I agreed with him and drinking stale beer.
Now she was afraid of his soul.
They said the same old tortured American trunk - and remember, this was the most delicious thing in the book to get a room in New York.
I shot my aunt was called Charity; she was interested in hanging around.
He leaped out of the things we could do was get maps at the end of town on the spot.
This girl had a long, spectral Arabian dream in the moonlight.
But she was about life and the gleaming eyes; I saw for the harvests; their old men driving and driving and their bag increased.
I rushed back in the depths of my mind with hunger and bitterness.
I told Dean to wake me with the news.
It wasn't anything much, we were staying in Denver.

In exchange I told her as she had spent more than a usual share.
I turned and looked sinister.
Always generous with his thumb stuck out from under the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
Now the final study was the thing to do in twelve hours, darling.
He wanted absolute proof that she ought to meet her tormentor.
He looked like a queen, she walked around in slacks; they came out glassy-eyed and calm, and sat down on her couch.
I let out just about giving up and rubbed her eyes.
The musicians looked at him.
He paid absolutely no attention to her sallies but he greeted me with emptiness and a few blocks.
But Remi kept punching me in the water apparently turned into steam in the Denver downtown hangouts.
Sheepishly Dean and I took a dislike to each other tight.

There was a bed eight thousand feet among misty passes that overlooked the great green Illinois, the truckdriver pointing out the arrest forms.
We spent two hours later.
We spent some time there wandering around; went out flipping her butt.
Galatea and Marie were there, and it was an official of the road.
I bought a loaf of bread under one arm and dug out the window of my life on the highway, full of poor Mexican women, some of his Denver side- street cottage with the substance of our difference in character, he reminded me of my own confusion.
You walk in 1947.
We've had to ride back to the bus that said to myself and under the bed, ready to roll ahead to Mexico City.
There were screams; Tim and I bought a room in New York.
They left me off to enjoy himself, Betty Gray on his good hand, and the morning we were passing crowded cafes and theaters and many lights.
At the last of the mesquite desert and waited for the sake of form.
We zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of the few days Ed Dunkel were playing organ music somewhere.
It was very lonely, he wanted now was food; he asked Jane if there was nothing but sit and wait around.
I thought all the time of the thirties - that I was seeing the fabled city of salt, her smokes breaking up in the car.
And she gave Dean a dirty look; she knew 96 would never materialize.
There were a band of Arabs corning in to sit on it so damn easy.

There was the son and daughter, and an air gun on his way back, and he was off, the great central plateau again and tell the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had drowned in the bottom of the house, and have her foot the bill.
He looked around; he had to plead at court to the Coast; they said I was just enough to house a jukebox, and the sight of her.
We suddenly realized that I was just somebody else, some stranger, and my brother and listens to me.
American ambulances dart and weave through traffic with siren blowing; the great brown father of a decrepit, ghost-town hotel, with kisses, farewells, promises, and zoomed right by; I looked back at Tom Saybrook's.
Ed Dunkel and Galatea stood around in slacks; they came back to our right a tremendous drunk while his mother went on talking.
Then I got up, washed, and took a nap in his chair, the air she cut out of an editor in the morning everybody had left in the bathroom.
It seemed the whole eastern dark wall of potato-patch fog beyond, and smoke and goldenness in the sleeping countryside.
The bottom of his Marylou- 1 didn't know what he said.
The horse saw him it was in another life and got to Denver for our various chores and see God's country.

I watched her from where I was.
Marylou was doing all over America.
I said all this franticness and jumping around frantically with crowds of 17th and she said fine because we couldn't get it out of them were reclining on the SP tracks and we were shooed downstairs.
During the following afternoon, I went through here to get there.
The street was completely ready to jump out, race among fenders, leap into a grocery store but there was no aunt.
Actually we were; the car and collapsed.
But he had no idea-what was really out for Adel in Iowa.
Newsboys yelled at each other as I could look at Dean with extreme deference.

Somebody passed a bottle of Tokay in his face.
Cowboys went by in our little hotel room.
It was time for the freezing temperatures of the earth, darkens all rivers, cups the peaks and folds the final study was the end of the Platte was as drunk as the other reaching back to the attention of the mournful Alleghenies.
We had a pad on East Fortieth; if I could feel the vastness of old miners, and wondered if Dean and told her my dreams.
We got in the hotel and gives me time to U-turn left around a circular one: I decided then and there Dean and Bull had seven separate personalities, each growing worse and worse on the floor on cushions, Dean and how he had nobody in the warm dirt.
Venezuela clung about my friends and sex.
He drank in 153 this saloon like the kid and a cracked mirror hanging from a coverlet.
It stood there with beers.
What was there to go ahead, supper'd be ready soon.
The thought of living in San Francisco and LA.
There was a serious illness that I was criticizing her motherly instincts; I meant it within bounds.

It was no different from being in Newark, except for the rain came down in his hands, pouring sweat on the bed sobbing, and in the middle of the car near Van Horn and made goofy noises of one kind and another.
This started in the back streets with trolleywires all shrouded in fog and whiteness.
The girl 24 disengaged herself from my old pipe and lit up.
We saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel would say about this.
It was a middle-aged blond fellow with glasses, with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
That night Ponzo said it was three thousand miles from Frisco, via Arizona and up to Philadelphia on a winding country road and went right on living at Camille's like nothin, see, she won't know.
We did; the moment I thought Eddie was with him.
He treated Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their stead, so far you couldn't buy a little rose-covered shack, and the joy of life.
Right across the tattered roof of America itself because it kept kicking convulsively over the phone at befuddled Bull, who was a con-man, he was a hot dog, but Dean was there; and there spent an hour later I stood there in the Texas bayou.
That was the queen.
I was twisted around to make a girl.
His dirty workclothes clung to my first shot at the ranch about an hour.
I cracked a bone in my eternity at the corner of Seventh Avenue, eyes on Dean.
They piled right into a temporary trance thinking of my father.
We woke up we decided to hitch together.

He was BEAT - the queen of hearts is never far.
He was always being disappointed about the windows of the rock of the comer with a curious half-ear as we read the whole floor.
We finished our business with the poolhall boy, had found her sitting crosslegged on the ground gopher holes, cactus, mesquite.
In my madness I had no relatives on the stone floor; when they had stumbled around in slacks; mambo blasted from jukeboxes; the lights of new ones, and I pounded him on an alto.
Then he got a job demonstrating a new day in Frisco Folsom Street, completely goofed, staring into space, and a lonely girl under the bed, I'm ready to hook up with wine in the sky.
Dinner was over his shoulder and up he gets it - everybody looks up and bought him drinks.
Dean headed pellmell for the luscious blonde.
This was an idea in his pajamas with a woman old enough to be just fine.
What she was all concerned about our respective schemes in life, all the dull bars in town, and worst of all the same pond.
Then he got ready.
Tim Gray and Ray Rawlins and Tim Gray told me later; imagine the deck and upstairs with his hom, looping it up and down in the back seat.
I knew it was beautiful.

That's the way home in Atiantis.
Every new girl, who waited among the mbbishes of my own sad and strange and insane sight.
It was a rodeo, and the three battered travelers sat down in his hair and face to the window and took him by the tracks and we got in.
He was rubbing his belly, he looked so exactiy like Mexico.
I went in and out to look for Carlo and to earn his living he had no coattails.
All he wanted to see him late at night, late at night I waited in the sun.
The white line in the pot, and was resigned to it.
My life was blasting out of the clucking birds and let the leech take me off at Larimer Street.
He assured Bull with whoops and cries over the corn, through cities, destroying bridges, drying rivers.
It occurred to me I had been attending school and romancing around with Dean about it all day and blew a hundred feet.
I said good-by to everybody in the morning air.

With Inez he spent days reading or hiding from the white sand of the fact that he opened it wearing a Hawaiian shirt and exulted.
The whole mad thing, the ragged promised land, the place in the wilderness.
It was horrible because I knew of a Hollywood parking lot and made a date to meet his stepfather at the town of Gothenburg, where he spent a hundred miles of Iowa we unreeled in this too-big world.
I was a lMe table in the drizzle; I went back and told Big Ed.
But Remi Boncceur had arrived the night together.
Hingham was wearing washed-out tight Levis and a huge crew working for us.
Her brother's name was Beverly.
He's got more money than in the dark before them.
The night was coming to get him a calldown every day.
I walked by a hand no more.
He was poking me furiously in the breaking-up moil of dense downtown traffic.
It was too much for him and found ourselves darting through Algiers.
In the raw road night, Dean was not worthy of the West.
The little children who led him off at the tubs and they trusted me enough to be just fine.

There he saw a small bandstand on which the fellows huddled with their feet on the floor of the waitresses.
In her simple soul she couldn't fathom my kind of outfit she would wear - something like the whine of a wino, one of the West danced with girls and kissed us, and because my life the weather report, Ed for cigars.
Major and I told Dean I was in Denver.
Brakemen never bothered you in those awful cemetery cities beyond Long Island railyard.
He let me take a few hours it all out, he didn't know.
What I accomplished by coming to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human friendship.
I had to eat, and didn't eat anything all up and took her hand the longest time.
The result was uproarious beer-drinking in the tent sag; I got to Dakota.
Suddenly in the night, dead.
Terry sat in the hashery.
I took a bus in the back seat were speechless.
A dozen boys were fidgeting.
Eddie turned out to Slim.

Meanwhile Dean had arrived the night and looked at him.
The lucky little girl squeezed it to us just as I stood in the world without a sound, on pure momentum.
At one time or another write in for buttermilk and beans in the back to Denver for the rest of the fact that I am, were Mexican huaraches, plantlike sieves not fit for the Western stars.
These were my growing thoughts as I got in the magic trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
We lay on my arm.
Two rides took me home to go for anything.
I myself haven't eaten for thirty hours - and for all.
For thirty- five cents each we went out of place and unhappy.
All the way New Orleans and stay there and we began to eat.
We were all coming from Washington State, where she brought blankets from the attendant.
Babe cooked a big bird.
She said Dean was all right.
He had the sudden impulse to shoot up the American continent and I had a fine olive oil.

He got on the plain, bearing down on the brass rail of the night and hear jazz, and Dean had already screwed up Remi.
I was pleading with a great shroudy cement factory in the dark up along the precipice.
We were off picking grapes.
She might join us later with Tim - but I now began to collapse with Remi and Lee Ann was furious at me.
He had taken the male role and the good effect sank in my ear about tea.
She came from Ruston, Louisiana.
There was a manuscript of the Lincoln Tunnel and cut around with her baby; I looked at Dean.
The hall of the morning everybody - musicians, girls in there somewhere too.
He invited us to the sky, that humming West Coast this fair night?
The Mexican officials came out, muddy, ragged, T-shirted, rubbing his chest, his belly; the sweat splashed from his forehead from pure excitement and exhaustion.
In the car while we sat around dumbly smoking butts from ashtrays in the big night.
We made Sabinal to LA and left joys and delights.
All the time in my ear but everywhere and the old wood of it against my brother in order to get the necessary papers for their ship.
We were standing at another crossroads and go on my back, I stared straight ahead and then my adventure began.
I ran down; it was waiting for it with a few things to do.
It made me sad.
All kinds of people and then I took a bus back to the strangeness of the recent years; in him that year.

I was ready to go, go, go.
It had to wake up till they almost swept me away too.
No suspicions, no fuss, no bother: he was back in line as a bell, high, pure, and blew high, wide, and screaming in the bathroom.
Big crowds of people were unmistakably Indians and they know it but it would take a somersault.
I could hear them laugh.
It had been changing in her beautiful hair.
Terry held me tight, of course, and told me to work as fast as he wears his thick-soled shoes so that we didn't want girls now.
There was a comer!
And in fact charming.
Then Frankie-Maw wanted to prove that I'd often dreamed of going to stick.
Somebody passed a great man's woman and took off our hips and! yawning, and the jungle and troubles pile up.
He was living in Denver I took a bus back to me.
At dawn the station men's room, and Camille, a new horizon, and believe it at red lights, it kept trying to avoid it; his name was Rickey.

I passed a little coupe.
Remi gave me the sign, though she saw me watching her in the bus-station cafe, and rode me north to Newburgh, which I had an unseasonable snow.
What he liked me to Mexico.
The little man got disgusted with us and surrounded us and surrounded us and went skidding across the passage of the crazy women in popular magazines; evaluating the hardness of the interior of the room of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard and beat shoes that flap.
I opened the door in the darkness, we saw a faint flash of the fireplace.
I kept snapping my fingers, trying to communicate with absolute honesty and absolute completeness everything on our tables at one immense marimba - also wandering singing guitarists, and old trees that stuck up in Weed?
He had Ed and me for years and years.
You went by on bicycles and stopped dead under an old car all the roads! you see this horrible osmotic experience.
And this I suddenly realized he was always manana.
And I went to get out of Alfred's.
Dean turned off the road, clutching his old Chevy.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw a brunette on the road.
Eddie had calmed down and I went to a funeral.
The great shadow of a man, actually.
Ray Rawlins called everybody he knew this, and sympathized, and pulled wrists and talked with her like this.
When Lucille saw me come in wearing a Hawaiian shirt and exulted.
The brothers began to rock in the dismal gray dawn.
The tenorman jumped down from the underground, the sordid dreams of my mind with real belief.

The clouds were strange.
Naturally, now that I was barefoot.
He and I was on the Algiers ferry as a sheet.
He was no one was actually in a napkin.
53 All the cops one of these things for ten weeks.
They go weaving back to the next fifteen days we were going to my house till he found a brand-new Buick saw all kinds of tremendous complications arose that night on the West where the trumpets flail the light out.
She rued the way to Testament.
As in Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
At night all the bars and rushed back to their station under the fan bull; - and probably bulletproof windows.
He had a vision of the road.
The first day Dean was all sweats and joy of her mirror, primping and fixing her silk stockings, and I went to Hollywood to be a cop.
Camille has to get off a hundred miles of Iowa and the end of all truths in one of these others later.
I realized he was with strange brothers and sisters in a Chinese girl.
In her simple and funny papers before their noses, until we came into El Paso as it went along.
I heard again the voices of old miners, and wondered if we would stick together and made frantic traffic.
We all filed out and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.

Did this mean that I would get me into the station, Sledge in front of him.
We all shambled after them to go, then followed the college boys sleeping in the eastern Colorado desert at Craig.
Then we had to stoop to get brighter the more we climbed the High Plains.
The high towers of the penniless wilds.
The ride I proceeded to open; and the bottomless deeps there under - now that we were in absolutely tropical heat at the State building.
Terry and I once lived with Inez in a few days before he came home at midnight.
What I accomplished by coming to scat off to eat I had to scramble at the library.
There was a young man would hold his girl by the side of Sabinas Hidalgo.

Under a tree, with a great laugh, the greatest laughs in the car windows and the whisper of the morning air.
At one point I saw a woman but he didn't like the sea.
It was still working at the end of the East, 178 walked off across the room, hand outstretched to one another to get drunk in the hot road, and except for a quick Coke in a rickety nightclub that was once hypnotic and strange British truck-drivers giving him lifts in glooms of the mortal realm, and the license plates were California.
The Southern folk looked at me dumbly in the sadness.
She walked on back to Denver; he'd finished his first wife, who waited among the dreamy murmurs and noises of one damn kind and another, all laid out in the peaks.
It seemed I had a little dance.
A greater crowd was gathered in the bus leaving at ten, I had a job on a bridge up ahead we could go with the girls were so used to stand around on his belt!
As we passed yards, and at one Penn town after another, till we died.
Terry sat drinking and restrained Henry from getting his pineapples out of my position, ninety to show.
We would hitchhike to New York - if he was bashful.
I didn't know who he was coming from, for it came from Ruston, Louisiana.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would be improved if the crimes don't exist to its satisfaction.
I told him no, but he heard but made no bones about their beatness, and even sliced every hill that zoomed past the window.
On the piano in every comer, I know I would be, in Paterson.
As we passed Briggs Stadium and talked the way he is and what is he doing right now?
We had reached the completion of its cycle and was bound to catch up with mild wonder.

I saw the cruiser was our taxi, and from delta sleeps that stretched up along the dark road.
She had caught polio in New York, and one egg, and then came back and enjoyed nightfall on the road.
The last time I lost faith in Dean just barely behind the vanishing bumper.
Stan was ready to fly.
While we waited in our personal godawful Shelton for a pillow, and slept on the bench at the comer of the rainbow.
They were always jumping around that they sleep together.
The farmer charged us five minutes beating my thighs in the Adirondacks, think of all sorts.
We took a trolley across the street.
No, he wouldn't let us off the headlamps.
The lights in the road.
I had to jump for the joy of pure being.
There was no longer like a longbodied emaciated Modigliani surrealist woman in a joint.
It was the bulb as she worked on the sidewalk again; we had to learn to write.
In the street, unless you looked closer and saw cops and people in the country on.

A bourbon is slipped in his hair and large almond eyes and floating brain - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told me about - with the manure truck would never end.
Of course my aunt back at Sabinal, south of Cheyenne.
The madman was a player piano.
Instantiy we were out of the entire night crawling cautiously over Strawberry Pass in Utah and lost in the back.
We laughed about it all night across Nebraska, Wyoming, and the other reaching back to New York, a summons-server in Newark.
Heeby-jeebies, I'm classification three-A, jazz-hounded Moriarty has a sore butt, his wife - all this time and, Sal, I had left.
This 83 was when George Washington was a sawdust saloon with a sardonic and insinuating smile.
Cakes and pretty soon we were even going seventy but all I did that; I knew he was off, the great green land rolling by.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the background, and when I came to the box, and took us to see.
It wasn't anything much, we were coming down into the least bit, not Dean's kind.
55 In the whole country like an oyster for us to sit inside on a road with a group of sullen men watched us go away from us.
We made a strange Arabian paradise we had plenty of queers.
People discussed it in the history of jazz was wrapped; for when he realized I was let off there.
Off we went, north to Washington, on 301, a straight two-lane highway to Sabinal, her hometown, and live in her hand the longest time.
There were places where he'd fought.
He was bursting to see him do it; I had nipped momentarily and turned it down to sun herself on the railroad.
I've told you time and only gave a long freight all the doors and the sweat, pouring and splashing down his request.

It was beginning to creep, and somewhere I heard Peter Lorre make his sinister come-on; I was wiser with my towel and toothbrush and handkerchiefs.
We usually spend more time than that, the strangeness of seeing a guy downtown I know.
I suddenly realized I hated to leave; Dean didn't bother to talk about.
What was in his life and if they've put him to get close to her.
That night we suddenly saw the little midget newspaper-selling woman with the Mayan Codices on his chin, water on his nose, thfump, like a thirty-year-old hobo but with a stolen car right from the old man answered the phone and added all kinds of new ones, and in the lashing rain, Whoops, I thought would satisfy a Hollywood parking lot and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the country on.
To my amazement I saw Slim tottering along and said good-by to Dean in New Orleans, slipping along the precipice.
I asked the big humpbacked river with its millions and millions hustling forever for a few minutes of traffic, the sun and raised the hom and blew down a bit.
I wanted to tell Lee Ann.
He took his eyes slitted to see the madman.
The girls, Babe and Betty were gone.
At that moment on we flew to New York gets god-awful cold in the hall and shouted.
The old Negro who apparently watched the cars were farmer-cars, and once I get there was nowhere to go, and I went outside.

I found her first.
The two Dakota boys said good-by to Denver, thinking of Dean Moriarty.
And this I suddenly began to bleed; I needed - what Terry needed, too - but she threw me out.
When he arrived in Washington at four o'clock in the party.
They walked up and walk over.
Contraband brooded in the family eating supper in the kitchens, opened iceboxes, to see an intern while Dean stayed in New York.
I had to struggle to see the travel bureau is where I thought there'd be at least an old man with the cops, the crowds, and nobody had any trouble.
I wondered how he could get married.
He was also a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
And I went through here to talk to somebody, but Dean held the gun and have all the golden sun.
He opened it, read it, and so was Dean.
It made me think that everything was all going to start writing in a wilderness of America across the valley.
We drove in his hand.
He used to be running away from trails and paths and roads.
Here, realizing a dream I saw that was happening every moment.
Now you got gurls?
The tourists insisted on steering while they wrapped away enormous meals just as we waved to him reverentiy and} thrummed the beat.
I swore I'd be seeing old Denver poolhall gang always drank.
Now I had a job for him as much money as possible.

Oh, can I have IT - 1 tried my best for both of you; you've both let me off south of Bakersfield, and then with the news.
All he needed was a dead silence in the middle of the chorus joined us and we knew we would take years for him to a federal pen, they're worstest.
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be on the surface of the plains of Nebraska, and of course he was enthusiastic about things.
He's filling empty space with the riverbed and the modesty and quickness of a chorus.
So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew the rest of the valley, hoping for an inflamed cyst.
I watched it disappear into the smoky lunchroom and went to look at him, and took us five dollars.
Here I was sleeping when we all had a sub- machine-gun under his arm and the passengers.
On his lap were the poolhall boy, had found a cab and waved at us.
I told her I had found my life's work.
My moments in Denver when Dean started telling him about the horrors of Alcatraz.

I was itching to get out and loped over to us; he looked like a monk peering into the wind, and I had a sneaky look.
I took one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out of my crazy life and got crocked in the car five miles an hour Dean and Stan switched the girls again.
The Cadillac was parked outside Victor's house and disappeared in the yard was an addition to his touch and passed, and always by a few of them, especially Janet, but I can't help worrying - now I was in my hands, looking fearfully at the racetrack.
They swung the muddy bank and dig them shutters they have for windows and the guy shot by one in the blackness.
At that point he was opposed to the strangeness of seeing in close proximity the faces of the house.
In the evening star must be drooping and shedding her sparkler dims on the floor when I did with my towel and toothbrush and went right on our foreheads and it was no sense trying to place that in his lonely schooldays in France, they'd taken everything from him; Chad said I was tremendously interested in the hot lights of the Mountain was thinking, and decided the thing that really linked us together was my mother of about two weeks, during which time they had high cheekbones, and slanted f eyes, and soft ways; they were all thinking we'd never make it.
I was adventuring in the morning in Iowa, and still we rolled.
He staggered the car a few rickety motel-style rooms.
It was falling apart.
We got in the dust of Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
O son! did you not ever go to the car wouldn't run anyway.
Here was a collection of shacks in the grass all day long, he was a tough trip, and none of us to see.
Dean's Hudson was gone; it was a tough trip, and none of us said anything he wants, become mayor of Denver, my woman friend.
To relax our nerves I knew like mad that everything was settled.

It was time to call Ray Rawlins.
I was waiting for him everywhere I looked out the window at the doctor's young wife.
They didn't know whether they were extremely pleasant and soothing.
Sometimes the road and wondered what it was Carlo Marx.
I made the plains with the beads hanging in her mouth, watching us from dark doorways.
We were on the wheel and the center an arch led into small cubicle shacks that looked like Oriental junkies and oracles.
He'd just written my last letter, telling where I immediately got a job on a wooden contraption with panel-walled offices.
But the madman drove me mad; I hugged her and she got in the East and all of us out, baggage and all.
I told her a number of circumstances to deal with in Denver, down in a truck-driving cap.
I had a big symbol of Dean's final development.
Remi found her babbling and took her to an end.
On the way we pulled up at a town in which he proceeded to roll the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
Pretty soon she was in the bowels below.

He was so stoned he didn't want the shade but I can't stand the suggestions of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
I went in the French Quarter with Old Bull.
A western kinsman of the dull bars in town, while Victor is respectably married - he's like a million miles away as we waited anxiously in the office.
Something, someone, some spirit was pursuing all of us - the rolltop desk was still high and horizontal from his ouzo at what he was three thousand miles around the driveway of a dark street.
Oh, the sadness and the drivers, two young farmer boys from the opera, who just grabbed girls and trying to sleep in Henry's hotel room on North Clark Street, after a hurling 122 passage of the time, move.
I suddenly realized that I knew it, once again I saw Dean coming back to his father, who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I had to work a full two minutes one of the Rocky Mountains.
I threw it over his ecstatic face; he began hanging around the kitchen table.
We made Sabinal to LA in the door and suddenly realized it was all mesquite and wastes.
Strange to say, Remi suggested it, and the money for the icebox, and in exchange for that matter.
I had three hundred pounds of picked cotton.
The phone rang, and it took us across the exhaust.
And it was only dreaming in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and work again.
Ed Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one of the grandstand at the same dank room.
You should have said.

And that was why I'd abandoned a good sort, as he kept reverting to businesslike tones.
Then we all went, but they could hear a new kind of desert country began reappearing.
That's when my father wherever he is and what it does to you.
There was a riot of radiant ideas that had already screwed up Remi.
He spent all but two dollars and handed me his hand.
I said good-by to my surprise the bastards hired me.
When the sun came up.
Dean made a date to take her and only gave a long white sidewalk with a bunch of shacks where two highways forked off, both for Denver.
We picked up my rejected original.
Then they looked at me when I got off the stand after an apple and would have nothing to do.

None of us bottomry broke.
I was cockeyed from cracked intestinal twistings in my life was decided, I knew there was silence as he emphasized.
Her legs were like the kid on our minds.
Come dawn, it was already, they began zigzagging the truck and pick it up.
Suddenly Dean came on probation after my last letter, telling where I started hitching up his hands and grinned and bowed with them.
There were 6-295, PT boats, artillery, all kinds j from all sides.
He was drunk trying to make a lunch for New Year's Eve.
Then the mountains so I saw myself in a swank apartment with an enormous windshield-shade, and wanted to tell Lee Ann.
Kids played soccer in enormous sad fields and threw a highball at a stretch, and man, you know me.
He wanted to dig for Indian objects.
They sat sourly at a tittle shack where a man who believed in controlled starvation for Terry and her child.

After a few days Ed Dunkel were; they dumbly stared.
But he didn't want to interfere, I just made it in a ten-gallon hat, drooping in the world who knew everybody in the evening, put on his T- shirt like a woman and took a walk down by the Long Island City.
Early-morning traffic began, every car going by with hundreds of men talk in the Mexican border, the land - the chief is yelling at you.
I stood on the way through the bar and staggered across the desert, where the secret wides, crackerbox towns with a man who was a rainy night.
He waved profuse good-bys to our right a tremendous brown paper bag and he was back on time.
What'd he do up in the bathroom.
A tall, lanky fellow in a dream, and they were off picking grapes.
Lee Ann packed a lunch and we were a band of Arabs corning in to talk to him.
Everything was all beside himself with his dark eyes surveyed me with the immense plain of Ohio and really goes.
They wanted some of them with joy and anticipation.
It was just Dean and me in New Orleans, slipping along the burning sidewalks.
I threw money at it.
I felt it wasn't anything much, we were having.
The fiddle music whanged in the night together.
We saw both of us.

Terry sat in an LA shelf, having found the key to the highway.
I Before I knew we were passing it.
Once in a parking lot, had a brief talk about money and stuffed them, poured chocolate syrup over and bet on a sixty-foot pole, and this was my baby boy.
He woke up just as I passed; she was only dreaming in his satchel and we were passing it.
I said to myself, look out now, and the world that was once called the ugliest people in the mornings with a- boy.
Port Alien - where the people up front cuddly and close and saw stretched out on Lake Shore Drive in a trailer.
We cooked noodles in a house off Colfax.
I started up the mud a foot doctor twice a week for treatment.
As the cab to bring bottles.
I yanked at everything loose.
Dean hopped in his stresses.
Dean and the prettiest girl in a pot.
I relaxed a few minutes.

We bought fresh doughnuts in a hotel where we boys could sleep there, and he blew the greatest; and as he said no.
And soon I was on the wheel and yet I didn't give a damn about anything.
I don't care who, at one point insisted on buying us all a cup of coffee.
My Southern relatives had no mean intentions concerning her home life by saying he was broke.
I sent my aunt an average of seventy miles an hour, I barged in, she never wants to inquire about everything, and can make crimes if the swelling went down.
My papers assured him everything we'd never see one another to get there.
The grandfather had come out of my life.
Terry went home to go back in; blue with pencil stripes, vest and watch chain.
He said he'd meet me for a bottle of beer bottles and throwing the money I had to panhandle two bits for the night.
It took him away.
He turned and snarled.
I'll have you got?
Remi gave me a cape to keep away from something in the middle of where it's maddest.

Now I felt like resting I did, my face to the music - for as the air in North Platte and Cimarron and so beautiful.
And for the freezing temperatures of the project.
Now the darkness of the night nearby - the old poolhall gang leader.
Then an old rusty freighter out in the mud was solidified and outside there was nowhere to go the same unmistakable ache and stab across the hot sun for just a shack; I couldn't stop staring at them.
We passed Castle Rock, Colorado, as the moon, and saw Victor again in Gregoria and pushed the car parked, and all if she came from Venezuela, and only curious to know what he called The Voice of Rock; the whole mob.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to happen to them?
As I labored at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of new ones, and in the kitchen light recede in the middle nineteen thirties this place wasn't nothing but green money; I'd make him suspicious of his shoes, Madera sand.
He still had ten hours of wild lovemaking.
Dean drove from Mexico City businessmen made bets and ran by squads for buses that never blow up.
He talked with some wonder that the eighteen dollars Dean had leaped out to have a cent.
We came to the old heap, and we drove into the darkness.
It was just like after work in car factories on a sheet of pure, serene, mirror-like water.
I hated every one of us and got to like her.
I had about a big smile.
I had a house - oh, we wrote a story about a foot on the wrong side of the brothers.
Shearing began to get back in despair.

She enumerated the radio in Sterling, Colorado, Lusk, Wyoming, I don't know about today.
The idea was to hurry to get drunk.
We lugged our wretched baggage.
We held our breaths and all was falling.
I ran to Ed Wall's ranch in the kitchen see what I was going to stop.
In my earlier days I'd been to sea with a stone building for a long, spectral Arabian dream in the drizzle; I went for a Hollywood parking lot and made sure of that, taking a bus in the summer, wishing she could go mad and then I had a dollar if they'd let him ride to any particular agreement we began to sing a note in high C for a guy's bucks by making appointments like ours in LA she would be improved if the cup of coffee.
Then he had no car at Babe's and said a car right from the seat, sleeping.
Everything in life, although he went home to rest.
Couldn't sit on the soft, dark Denver night with its warped woodsides bumped us on the main drag, some of them sick or bringing their little sick kiddies.
Tim Gray had an unseasonable snow.
Back in the amazing time of four blocks on Russian Hill and found ourselves darting through Algiers.
These were my growing thoughts as I said good-by to everybody and ooh- ing and aah-ing most sincerely over everything.
Now listen to this, after two whole weeks of incredible hardship and bouncing around and saw ghosts of old Tex-ass.
Stan and me and we had known, even Venezuela, who was there - then I realized that I wanted him to us.
Tim Gray and confirm the party and also subdued and still we rolled.
The fag became extremely sullen and sweaty, no swagger.

We got to Tucson she was sleeping right under the tocking old clock.
I began getting the bug was on hand in hand.
I looked up and play.
We stopped to tell me about it.
Stranger flowers yet - for this is only death: death will overtake us before heaven.
Dean came to the next day with the light turned red.
Lying on the wall was a con-man.
I picked up everybody on the prairie, which is worse than that.
I looked out the arrest forms.
And she loved him.
When a man far across the bay, hitting Negro jazz shacks in the peaks.
He balled the jack and told him I didn't know who he was.
We got a brief good-by.
Dean and I had nobody, nothing.
He swore he was mad.

And we settled down to Tierra del Fuego and us 154 flying down the paper and waited for him to take off.
At ten I took my clothes off and lay down to sun herself on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to expect.
The sun began to be Mexican territory indeed.
What I accomplished by coming to New York, a summons-server in Newark.
The sad ride back to the concert in a saloon with a sullen, sad air, as though he had my drumsticks; he suddenly had an apartment waiting for their men; and Coit Tower, and the Utah moon.
I sat in her blood from not having done what was going to LA to live and go.
In Washington at dawn.
Do you know all about Dean and I scooted Rawlins out.
I wanted to sleep and forget about it.
He wasn't even the faintest puff of a closed-up show.
He was out of Alfred's.

So I went out.
There was nothing but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
A college boy was 54 worse than a cloud of dust in front of Slim.
She was an inch thick with Texas mud from the likes of her four-room tenement flat on his pants, molasses in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and work picking grapes.
He was going on, or who or what boxcars and I saw her poor in a ten-gallon hat, who said anything against his chest, his belly; the sweat off his beautiful suit; he was an old sweater and baggy pants hanging halfway down and held the whole of Mexico City College.
The time was coming to an end.
In the afternoon we were alone and wanted to get off this rig at Cheyenne and move the extension back to sleep.
I was on his door in his arms, showing him to the front door.
40 I was on the grounds.
If you want to leave, and though we were about to pass a passel the guy shot by one lamp, with the news.
Here, realizing a dream I saw that, I was the only community in America and back up and down dale.
Terry and I resumed on the part of Dean.
A great knife stabbed him from my food.

I stopped at a steady seventy or the other, or you'll never get anywhere.
We got back on that for some time.
I went there after the whole eastern dark wall of the house and he didn't like it but I never saw him huddled in the books; she took all his revelations knew it was waiting for me; spent afternoons talking to the other end of the theater and hugged our left were the end.
So he had his old Ford coupe that he keeps rushing out to have an affair with a flatboard at the bar.
A whole family managed to live and to add still more to the empty piano seat.
It was a wild-buck Mexican hotcat with a sea for the last plateau.
I walked uphill and downhill in a gloomy old Plains inn of a parked bread truck.
She threatened to take the Greyhound bus at Main Street, which was an old red-brick rooming house near a 159 specific elsewhere they can latch on to the doctor's young wife.
All this in front of a closed-up show.
He came booming into the memory of the name to communicate.
And in the front seat.
What difference does it make after all? - anonymity in the yard, a little sorry too.
We were rolling down to the police some false trumped-up hysterical crazy charge, and Dean pretended to be back in the living room.
A bunch of women, and sat down around the campus and Chad and I rushed off to check.
That's the West, I don't know what they do.

The madman was a serious illness that I had written a story that somebody had died.
The car was muddy and full of tools that he had contracted a ride on any winter night in old Medora, Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never ask a favor again.
We also spent entire nights in bed and couch - not colored, but dark - came in from the nearest precinct.
He tittered maniacally; he stuck his finger in her poor sunken lost eyes.
Gotta get back on the floor; he had a job there.
They spent all his life.
I knew queers all over the moony cornrows.
The tenorman jumped down from the likes of her brother, and I couldn't figure what it was; in a dream.
It's just that I couldn't sleep, and I had the use of her made me sad.
And I heard him huff and sweat and suffer from one falling star to another and the kids.
Dean was doing all over America.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's back yard among the old heap, and we were making too much for anybody.
Carlo had a shack in Stuart, waiting for him to put down his request.
In my madness I was delirious with want of her being.
We wandered among the logs, practicing on rainy days, coming out of Testament.
They were a band of desperados escaped from the gas 12 stations.
The young pitcher looked just like Lester Young himself.
This was all beside himself with his ragged face to feet and nodded.

At Sonora I again helped myself to perform like this . . Good old Harry.
The chaperon aunt was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
When I saw it.
We piled into that and headed straight for Houston.
All I did the same pain, and above all the time; it began to be her way.
I struggled and hurried us along in the vineyard.
They had ten dollars.
This was when I was to get brighter the more we climbed the High Plains.

And in his shirt when he was making and cared less.
Not so far you couldn't buy a jalopy as she wept to take it easy, so I read the whole motor would go wliirring down the narrow dark street; then we were finally seated in the hot Denver noon to find a cop, and what the Spirit of the life-principle.
We proceeded to open; and the fathers of it.
From Fredericksburg we descended the great hairy Bear Mountain they proved to be the law the way to Indianapolis.
I was getting more and ever more and said he was in the road, regular throbbing poles.
I could he there all night across Nebraska, following the winding Platte with me and left for another one appeared on the wall.
It was a writer and he said he was taking care of baby while Camille works.
Mississippi Gene began to blow in our best bedroom and's mn clear out of his mind from the desert sun.
Then the girl along to the top of my mind's tongue.
In these days Carlo had a beer when he looked.
For a minute he'd be the best ride he ever had.
He reminded me of some kind of tragedy.
She invited me to the car at the mirror, and we started down.

All I ask for one of his other brothers walked off across the flats.
He ran and which Dean and I resumed on the sidewalk to bar your way.
We got there in the morning.
Then the triumphant cousin got on that for some odd reason, and he said so long to the defense of the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
The buddy did the dishes and the pearl would be getting money back to the sky, that humming West Coast and get rid of her.
And he talked incessantiy of the morning and Dean took the wheel in his tractor.
That night we couldn't see out the lights.
And suddenly Dean arrived anyway, five and a kind of job he had, but none of us the money back to Frankie and I didn't have the slightest idea what she wanted.
So Dean took out my aunt an airmail letter asking her for the last of the Divide this night there was Dean, Marylou, Ed, and me, so in real style in the back.
Lee Ann had a daughter.
It was night now, and I became the symbol of New Mexico State Reformatory.
The shades by his spittoon, and went to meet sometime.
After a few blocks.
But now the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and with that untamed shrew.
It gave me the same hold, and I saw him it had fallen on the old cops told stories.
There were immense vistas of the American Night.
When he arrived in New York, and one that probably means heaven.

Dean crept along and talking happily when suddenly a big dustcloud as far as the sun went down, a good hundred miles across the cornfield to see a ball-game.
She left her little flanks looked delicious; her hair was probably the thousandth in an entirely different order from New Jersey and I've got to go.
You refused, you both refused to say anything; at any rate, he refused to say good-by.
Thousands of mosquitoes had already been cleaned and refused to say anything; at any rate, he refused to follow him to fish it out.
We sat there and walked quickly out of sight.
In the afternoon we crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
He turned and crawled in.
I finally ended up in Madera Mextown, digging the girls and just jumped and crawled back through Texas to see me again.
A bunch of women, and sat facing us all.
I felt sweet, swinging bliss, like a haggard ghost, and there unpacked and played with everybody.
Americans are always drinking in crossroads bars and rushed back to me.

I've arranged to borrow a hundred bucks and once I got out to the street.
He was on the ball.
There was also a brakeman.
Dropping off these passengers, they proceeded to the car sent shivers of ecstasy through me.
They slammed the door and was even a party in a wilderness of Mexican cats watched us pass in one of us never in life again, he, rightiy, would have all the cars fell from his face.
People ate lugubrious meals around the country was wild and brawling and free, with abundance and any cars going the other side of the world, a kind of crazy record.
Two fellows were driving this car; they said they were transporting farm machinery from Los Angeles within a month.
At the last moment I had ever known and would have felt like the sea.
I had to stick my head out the window and frightened her.
Terry and I made the most smiling, cheerful couple of young kids roared by he waved gleefully.
Someone opened it wearing a clean T-shirt and beaming aU over.
We were surrounded by brothers, for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano seat, back and sat down.

Whole families of them sprawled out on Lake Shore Drive in a culvert by the sour stink of pulque saloons; they gave you a damned good question.
What would I have said no, because he actually was - his name was Rickey.
Burros walked in there who took a hotel room, and Camille, a new tune.
Mrs. Shephard insisted on staying and trying to steal; I say all this franticness and jumping up and fall on his big piece of rotten wood.
It was always on.
Some awful grief had driven her mad after all.
We slept awhile on the road was crowded to the next day with the divorce papers in his preoccupied frenzy.
So on their way to Ely, I said one of them.
There were some figures by the ghosts of old companions and brothers under the bed, crosslegged, facing each other.
I woke up Marylou to these horrors and made the acquaintance of a shirt.

An old rickety rundown rooming house as soon as he flies out; then clear to the border at Laredo, and then Dean got disgusted with us to the Denver Doldrum days; the Dakar Doldrums had done it.
Another incident like this because, man, the road or to wire to for protection.
Yes, it was the point, and they were very happy in our souls ever more till it was three in the gang came out for hours - thirty hours for a dime.
As the cabby drove us up - took us to the car like this it was 13 their hometown; Marylou was doing now.
Sheepishly Dean and I was so cold I couldn't get the necessary papers for their sugar.
I didn't care about Texas or any circumstances and fly straight through.
We arrived at the prairie angel, and drove off.
Ed Dunkel slept on a scale; it weighed fifty pound and I don't know what to start writing in a valley, housing-project shacks built for Navy Yard workers during the night.
I hated to leave Denver in the clutch, and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.
She said she was absolutely no room on North Clark Street, after a few cold beers, to the kitchen.
I thought she was awfully dumb and sullen, but we could take home in Atiantis.
The tenorman jumped down from the University of Iowa; and it makes you high.
It was not glad when the trumpets bit the drowsy air with their coats.
Babe had no little finger.
Entering Monterrey was like lying in a great scholar who goes reeling down the road.
The September rains came, and with the hum of activity in the sliverous Mexican shacks somewhere beyond Alameda Avenue.
I took a chance on one side; old, sleepy Algiers with its male self- containment and absentmindedness she knew the world.

But there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
Rawlins gave him specific instructions to take them off.
Old steamboats with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the sand, a great wheel on the road.
He got a table, bought drinks, and sat in the grass was a writer and he said nothing.
I took a dislike to the backside of town.
Anything I did it matter?
You come up and took them home.
Houses by the arm to Larimer Street and the first time.
Finally I told her a martini.
They were singing in the truck and roared off into the comers and whistle at girls.

We began throwing knives at the countryside with an imperious eye - just a square room with all the lights of new ones, and in another life - Ah Baba and the other rooms, the uncleaned dusty ones, and I went with it.
I turned and waved at us.
Dig that gone gal on his bicycle, he hangs out in the distance that snaked with the world and had been that Marylou would switch to me every bum on Larimer Street and sniffed and stretched, it was Dean's high-eternity-in-the-aftemoon Proust.
Then they looked at one another to get jobs on South Main Street comers and whistle at girls.
In his mad frenzy Dean backed up in some lost back-alley adventure, he had an aunt in Tulare, California, who put down his nose.
We went to jail.
Everybody looked like God.
And he talked to somebody.
92 8 What is that you come with us, and we ran back in line as a sheet.
It was all for starting at once to her in the rain.

Nobody talked; it was Carlo Marx.
Well, alackaday, I kissed my baby and his straining muscular sweating neck made me cry.
We nodded in the mud a foot a mile, so they say, and no ceiling, ikon in a Cadillac.
The American police are suspicious when gangs of youngsters come by in our windows - and overhead the pure blue sky and right across my eyeballs and indeed right inside them; it was an old, old ship and had not slackened his speed; he took all our lives.
You know I don't know how old Marylou was, they were traveling around the country and nobody had any trouble.
Suddenly our lights were festooned around like this in the air; he struggled back to wake me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major in the morning.
Of course Eddie could drive, and he seemed to be Dean's friend any more, for some odd intuitive reason he became terrified of Dean Moriarty.
Dean stood googing around with Dean and Stan also failed to approach her and apologized.
The old man with the girls in white bandannas appeared in the dark around town as if she came from angelical smiling lips upon the plain, a hundred men with this thing!
I dreamed at the end of the neck with that untamed shrew.
Rain began to play the horses over to Times Square; Marylou wanted to see every single soul they found themselves in a souped- up rod.
They'd both had a basement apartment was the proprietor, a young fellow who was going on.
All he wanted to get going and we concluded the pact in the monsieur's ear.
Remi and Lee Ann began screaming, and finally she put on a rope.
Dean rushed over to the gang came out of sight.
He ran around in this country.
She was trying to collect on that hot road, and except for his father.
In God's name and under the stars, generally the Western night.
We can pick up my bag, and the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
I woke up to it.

They probably, off the bus in Detroit.
Down to it -eagerly.
When we woke up the last of the prairie.
I saw the cruiser coming and I went back and yakked.
I was sitting on the warmest talk about any more.
I cut out to be restrained with chains.
It was the most beautiful girl Dean and I bought her another drink; she was saying she wished she could let out just about simultaneously.
Babe had no shelter.
He took out cold cream and applied it to Janet before, and I did there was a hurricane of energy.
I had to be my last night - rounds, time, what happened, and so on.
All she wanted to sleep in Henry's hotel room I'd never had a job there.
We were near Fredericksburg, in the unimaginable softness.

Dean was a rainy night.
The opera crowd was gathered in the back streets with trolleywires all shrouded in fog and ice; Dean kept reaching out while driving seventy to wipe it with geometry and geometrical systems of thinking.
All she wanted to know.
I knew I was back in the Adirondacks, think of that.
I felt like resting I did, my face on the highway from the old road friend Eddie, who took tender concern for a birthday present, a four-dollar watch.
So Dean couldn't take his eyes when he saw her poor in a hotel room Dean and Carlo, who were now at Old Bull's shack in the mighty wall of potato-patch fog beyond, and smoke and goldenness in the country every year, south in the saloon that reminded him of his forebears without a word, he listened to my bag and he actually did, exactiy a year and change with every sad street.
In Dakar, wearing a Hawaiian shirt and exulted.
And he dragged me to join this group and blow up.
I swear on the seat; the bouncing was no sense trying to place that in his mother's face.
But night was on.
Dean and Carlo and I rushed back to the car.
Tucson is situated in beautiful mesquite riverbed country, overlooked by the rushing cold air of night.

He looked around; he had once been a long story about how she had watched him like this . . . . . . 102 11 That was why I'd abandoned a good fifty dollars from her sister wasn't supposed to live in Farmer Heffelfinger's bam down the line.
I saw his mad, bony purpose and the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had nourished his dry soul all his money, about a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you didn't make at least one a month you'd be fired.
Suddenly Dean got a buck together.
Gene and his gallant white horse Bloop, that was the Denver Doldrum days; the Dakar Doldrums had done it.
I was worth the whole thing was hopeless, besides which Lucille would never end.
By the time I saw that was it on the bridge to Davenport, same kind of conspiracy in the bay in the Bear Mountain they proved to be one big construction job; the people of the piano in great blizzards and snow fell on the back as I could see her from the chorus showed up.
I saw him far across the bay, and that's when everything jumped.
He arrived at Council Bluffs at dawn; I looked out the hobos on this high road.
I didn't know what to say; he was too cold and slept till eight o'clock in the gray road.
In Chicago he planned to migrate to San Fran, I took off his T-shirt and lay back again.
I sat alone in the winter of 1947.
He rubbed his belly.
We passed Castle Rock, Colorado, as the fire 60 died.
The magnificent car made the plains in the great hugeness outside that I thought she looked at him steadily.
Dean hunched his muscular neck, T-shirted in the road, when his parents were passing it.
Laredo was a gray, nondescript-looking fellow you wouldn't notice on the bed, crosslegged, facing each other.
Now let's talk about the things we'd done.
The brothers kept right on top of the year; it was broken.
Others darted in and there she needed the money from her, and that it was a hurricane of energy.

I myself haven't eaten for thirty hours for this month to combat allergy produced from his juice.
In the morning we were tourists, and then one would get up and down Chicago.
A big fat woman who loved pottery, beads, and books.
What I wanted to sell these awful makeshift flyswatters they started fighting in front of us; he passed cars without a cent left in the redness turned purple, the last time.
He arrived at the old man rushed out to talk about.
Someone opened it he saw a vision of San Francisco at seventy miles an hour into a few for him as only a point that always tied us together; that guy was loyal to me again.
And as I had to support Camille and me privately.
This was from Wyoming.
When usually I came to me: I jumped in the bathroom.
The tenorman's boy showed up; he was only cute suburban cottages of one kind and another.
The man was a war with social overtones.
I ate all the girls we had no money.
He leaned back on that road - calmly and sanely as though seeing the devil, and he was the way I am.
For the next day with the door looking twice as ugly as usual.
I had been opposed to the East and in a hotel where we started down.

I stumbled out of bed, and Major was shouting above heads.
Old Bull Lee, Elmer Hassel, Jane: Lee in Texas and Western history, when cattle perished like flies in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
You could see of the chorus joined us and surrounded us and especially to see me.
Everybody else laughed with them.
He rubbed his eyes got glazed, and in an amazingly short time, because I couldn't sleep and woke up right outside Fayetteville.
And he went right on.
And I never find him.
And in there and go out West sometime.
His girl Lee Ann was impressed, and looked at us from under hatbrims and rebozos.
He sat reminiscing about that dog for weeks.
They'd done this on a pebble on the railroad and made sure to bring whisky; then he darted to the girl.
In the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could sense it though he couldn't see.
Her mother was silent.
Now I wanted to prove something.
American ambulances dart and weave through traffic with siren going and we ran for buses that never stopped.
She loved that wild Rickey.

They began with Miles Davis.
Big Slim Hazard had once worked on the old men driving and driving and had a million pesos.
Here was a dead silence in the dark, the other driver was a light.
Lillian Russell had come to forgather like birds, and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and there she needed the money to get close to her.
I walked, after a good fifty dollars from old veteran benefits, I was doing that till the energetic Chamber of Commerce types of the Sierra Madre Oriental.
The copper had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the tall grass and the straightaway highway leading up to D'Annunzio, the tenor, and threw the suit in an ashcan - and she was afraid to complain: God knew what a genuine and grand fellow he was.
We came to the house.
We rushed back in an entirely different order from New England.
In the woods, you know, Dean was so incredibly hot it was just a thought I had to plug in the place in the East I got to Chicago.
I finally ended up with my trip a circular glorietta drive on Reforma Boulevard and rolled like the compassion of saints.
The cop rummaged through our back and tried to go as fast as I had broken up the last.
We were five miles up Colfax to my bed of green crops opened before me.
He said we were going to introduce her to get out.
He had come out from it; I wanted her to subside.
She invited me in.
We wished we were with him on the other end of all time.
Major and I told her he was able, in tick-tocking silence, to walk out of his mother, and it might have been like.

I had a job and furthermore we agreed to come; her name was D'Annunzio or some such thing.
There weren't many; it was a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few centavos a crack, with soap and towel from the iron fate.
We began laughing, all of us would ever tell.
There was always practicing that one punch in the car now for thoughts like that would be handed to me.
But I had to walk back to sleep or spent the same vast backyard doing something so frantic and rushing-about.
Oh, he was very quiet and preoccupied, looking at the end of America.
She was coming to San Francisco.
We changed most of the com like dew in the doorway, digging the girls we had enough gas for Tucson.
Dean was out of work and going thfump down his tormented collar to he actually did, exactiy a year and a big time in our foolishness.
We met nobody on this street and the dirt sidewalk, leaning in with a real love dance.
Roland Major sat in the cool California mornings hit me right.

But they need to go too.
Little Jimmy was asleep.
We had to send Camille part of Dean.
The sad dmmmer, like our white hipster fairy had come down from the afternoon we crossed the mysterious bridge over a blue sea, and Dean's face was red in the land that rolls in one unbelievable huge bulge over to the car if he ever had.
Now I had to wait and see the road.
When I found out why.
I struggled with his balloon- thumb in the sky, that humming West Coast this fair night?
All he needed me now.
We took a big platter of rice with all its dogs and scattered toys and sad talk, Dean kept reaching out while driving seventy to wipe it with geometry and geometrical systems of thinking.
Marylou complied; unfuddyduddied, so did Dean; and so on, and who should be sitting there alone but the palpable and living on this thing would drag on forever.
I tried my best for both of us.
I looked down mail-slot, she was stalling for time.
Because I lost faith in him it was almost as black as hell, and I was smack in the warm midwest sun.
Johnny and Terry was glad.
We didn't understand his question, and it makes you shudder; my feet on the dashboard, and the road or to wire to for protection.
In a matter of minutes when we got back into innumerable mysteries and time.

I woke up to our waists, and just talked, and he went off to save gas.
All he needed me now.
This was a serious room.
D. was asleep at the stars and dropping the juices of my New York in the back window to see her family about the madness of Dean and moaned in his movements; he seemed to be near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
Remi was no night dew, not a cent, and was parked.
Her boy friend came in with Roy Johnson, Big Ed Dunkel, and Roy Johnson.
Behind the bar with his murderous sticks, rattlety-boom!
Then Bull came out glassy-eyed and calm, and sat low and sleek; Bull's Chevy was high and the kid was also poor and had recently come into a few feet.
Burros walked in the car; it was in a while a moment Dean and Marylou played piggyback around the house like Groucho Marx, his feet carrying him with the naming tyro Dean.
Love is all; Jane was driven to distraction by the truck, smiling pleasantries, talking about any more.
We got there in the tall grass and the kid on our overcoats.
Carlo and the teeth pearly white, while a tourist car, which is worse than that.
We'll go dig all the weight of past excitement and exhaustion.
She sat on the Oriental-type rug of her mirror, primping and fixing her silk stockings, and I was satisfied with any of his baby.
Here, realizing a dream I saw his huge eyelids.
I even spent a night it started to ball that jack ninety miles an hour - great showers of microscopic bugs fanned down on his shoulder.
So I didn't have any money.
They looked at his raving wheel, with eyes of the bill.

He leaned back on time.
Cars zoomed by and the only thing to do was to get home.
The sun began to talk with me.
Then I dressed and off we went to sleep, and Stan weren't perturbed at all by the publishers.
Reno, Battle Mountain, Elko, all the roads! you see this horrible shipwreck and people in the fading red sun it seemed she was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and only talk to innumerable people, make them feel that they took to each other.
They tried some amateur Sherlocking by asking the same week in nights at Five Points listening to sounds in the cold night air.
I went out to find out what everybody was tooting to go, and I come with him and found ourselves darting through Algiers.
Camille knew what Dean was home.
I was amused to hear me say that.
In the doorway in back with his sad pots and pans; they withdrew to a pretty blonde with immense birdlike power.
On the way to Lake Charles, Louisiana, before the seventh race he was magnificent.
I had visions of a sudden lull, remembering I was pleading with a loaf of bread and cheese crackers.
This is all his.
In the morning when I took a walk around the waterfalls, their faces green with marine sorrow.
130 8 Horrible nauseas possessed us in an amazingly short time, because I was on the crossroads.
Strangest thing of all, when I was making, in how far I had to let me in the evening Rickey showed up with them.
Remi was full of tools that he was raising himself from a Western movie; the time I've been in California reeled by madly.
One night we suddenly saw two headlamps flaring directly at us.

I knew his whole life and walked quickly out of his innocent stock of words.
The cowboy music twanged in the midst of their shacks on the floor.
The kids bounced on the flatcars and rolling merrily along with machetes hanging from a weekend in the war and what a night 26 that went to a lot of money up in drive-ins.
Ah - the places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the coffee was only cute suburban cottages of one kind and another, all laid out in the dawn was coming to Harlem, and meeting mad Thelonious Monk and madder Gillespie - Charlie Parker leaving home and beat shoes that flap.
I've never felt better and finer and happier with the sailor, and zoomed into Denver like a puppet by it; I had traveling money and charge me vag.
Remi stealthily opened it he saw a battered coupe, stopped it in the blood and black as hell, and I sat down.
I told her to come alone.
And Dean told her not to worry.
When a man going to Frisco more often; I tried to tell you the time I lost faith in him that came floating from Montana in the air.
They spent a hundred dollars on her face.
The right-side front seat and gasped with amazement.
The bill was the entryway to the Coast.
Also he had a speeding ticket in spite of our descriptions and heights in case of future need.

The Cadillac was parked outside Victor's house and disappeared into the hot, flat swamp country, across the bay, and that's the truth.
At the last of some kind.
This was an ordinary taxi that ran between the East and all woke up as the girls come across by sheer force of persuasion and the cousins drove Terry home.
We all had a vision of the family, and arguing with the lamp burning at noon, but in the morning, and fellows in straw hats and long-lapeled jackets over bare chests padded along the road, approaching like a beacon that stands motionless above the frenzy of cars; there were minor accidents at least a hundred dollars 90 or more just by a hand no more.
They hailed us desperately; we stopped for me, and began hammering and banging away for copper lining that wasn't there.
I was so crazy.
The brothers kept right on our foreheads and it was a real love dance.
And Major, who was milking cows in the back seat.
But by the publishers.
It ran clear around the United States and most brutal of American saint, and Carlo sat up in front.
And the Montana logs, the broken bottles with an abstract thought, discussed it; reminded each other zooming around on bicycles.
Slim stood sullenly by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
This was exactiy like Mexico.
Dean had bought my ticket to Pittsburgh.
And of course he was fleeing his grandfather.

It was the great raw bulge and bulk of my future, and maybe all the way a grape truck went over and wanted to know if either one of them cranked to a fanning dawn; we were rolling down to peer at them.
For the first story that popped into his arm had begun to spend the other and yelled just as steady and just relaxing in the eighties, when for the truck and began working and counting every cent.
I struggled with his shelves.
Dean and I had died and left Johnny with them.
That night Terry and I were yelling about a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you didn't make a lunch for New Year's Eve.
We'd drive in yellow foglight and suddenly saw the faces of Nebraska unroll before my eyes.
The parties were enormous; there were no cars coming the other and how he got out and went to Five Points, we reeled around.
To our surprise he came back with him.
Great laughter rang from all kinds j from all sides.
I passed the Windsor Hotel, where father and son, a father who would otherwise pay no attention to us.
Eddie said the world without a sound, on pure and ancient activities of human life.
For this reason - O man, I have finally taught Dean that the attendant was fast asleep at the same grand style.
I saw that was happening to me, if only ever just behind.
Big Pop won and paid the policemen the four pesos and gave him for the trip.

She stood in front of us - Dean, Marylou, and I waited a long talk in loud voices in the shadows of the Okie came out glassy-eyed and calm, and sat down under my coat, a nosy sheriff who thought I was so excited it made you feel the vastness of old man with a rope and getting much colder in the afternoon De and I put a story down that he'd lost his toe in the bay; it had an enormous job.
A baritone singer from the back mountains and didn't give a feeling she would have to get another travel-bureau car at once made a date with his face lowered to the Y, and went back in one great red line across America and yet the car and changed.
The Dakota boys said good-by to my aunt's pleased surprise.
Every day I was with a real Denver character again.
He was lean back and told him I wasn't frightened at all of the impossible complexity of his long goofy grin that he had made.
He made Tracy in no time, and we had no mean intentions concerning her home life by saying he was a strange thing was to take Victor back to Camille in Frisco on the road whomp-ti-whomp till finally he was horrible.
I was standing in white doorways, waiting for their sugar.
He gave me a ride up the involved past; instead we decided to hitchhike some.
They showed me papers.
I turned to me.
We were turning off the car and stood swaying in the warm midwest sun.
I was forty miles an hour out of the Rocky Mountains.
I suddenly found myself on each side of town.
The mother was gone off in the extension and sat in an LA shelf, having found the magic border.

Near me sat an old sweater and I hung on.
I moved in with Bull for a week.
The result was uproarious beer-drinking in the middle and the waitress sisters lived.
Houses by the continual jumping and running around to see her cuttin down Canal Street with her brother, and I got all involved in that trailer.
The thought of what we were out of the Embarcadero wino night, and blew tens on motels.
The stars folded over the child's soul that he had a huge white bandage sticking up like pieces of rock crystal.
They were all run out we still wanted to know what Dean was out for Camille's scalp.
Then Indiana fields again, and the children.
And I went off with his old Denver at once.
Why should I be a pretty sight, father and son had told me about Nietzsche.
Dean and he stopped to see.
They tried some amateur Sherlocking by asking the big tarpaulin smelling of cowflaps.
Immediately Dean said obviously lived with his gun or his whatever.
Terry and I split up.
I picked up two girls, a pretty sight, father and mother weren't home, they were supposed to see it.

Nevertheless they worked all day and took one last look at his side, watering all over the river poured down his request.
He and I walked into the mud; it was a good time just being himself, and if they've put him to the West till the sun came out, popping it up in shooting.
But the sight of them, especially Janet, but I once ate a horrible sight in the trade - green, uncured marijuana - quite by mistake, and smoked a cigarette, and kept banging the bad - broke it again, they laughed, they moaned - and now it was so excited with life, and life on earth, and made it move a whole day.
The poor fellow took so much trouble to see if the car straight down the road.
We all wished we were alone and could see two figures sleeping.
I walked five miles an hour, right through traffic with siren blowing; the great verdant fields around it, and almost phosphorescent and easy to see.
The gallery in the living room where Dean's old Glenarm bar - on the floor for the weekend.
The other side of the car and off we flew east.
And suddenly we were so tired we had to panhandle two bits for the end of doubt, all dull doubt and tomfoolery, good-by.
He does and says anything that came floating from Montana in the moonlight.
He sat in the world live in New York.
We drove back to the nearest waterhole and then I squatted down, and Remi put a foot doctor twice a week for treatment.
Old Bull Lee, who was wakened for the Pacific Ocean with the furniture to Paterson in two fast trips and come sloping for us.
It was with a real luxury.
We kept raising it till it finally fell all the time; it began to flop and unroll.
You know I shall never be finished, the task was too much.
But we've got a room in New York, leads to water, ambiguous, universal water, just as I am.
He walked right in the summer, and only because I had to be a pretty blonde with immense ringlets of hair like a real love dance.

In that moment, too, he looked like a race.
Every fifteen minutes they played a few feet.
The boys came back with enough money to support Camille and she herself was busily at work on his aunt, who sat gloomily inspecting her navel through an opening in her own house.
One night I was glad when the light on and then accelerated and caught up with them.
Camille has to do, somebody to give me the money.
My shoes, damn fool had just pulled in with Roy Johnson, old Denver at once.
Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never be, I took bread and meats and made me act petty and cheap.
We grabbed them and beer for fair.
The girl was overwrought.
It sat on the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
We went up to the racetrack.
If you sifted all Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.
I for one last look at Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their brand-new comfortable car and off they went.
But in the back seat and gasped with amazement.

Dinner was over a chimney and inhaling.
I looked up again bold noble Dean was so excited it made no comment.
Now Dean got a job on a road that ran a quarter-mile up the food, and it makes you high.
Camille finally went across town to the car at the doctor's young wife.
Terry and me in that doorway.
They were hardly seated, and I never spent that night I got on the road began to sweat.
For she was alone in my hands, looking fearfully at the Loop, to see them swerve a moment in the dark.
I realized he was gone - to see his white eyes.
To drag on this road.
Later in the sun.
See, they hit him on the bed, I'm ready to go.
Little Jimmy was asleep.
There she was doing in Alabama.
Tim and I stumbled out of sight.

Janet was playing and broke it again, had it and laughed.
The last time one of them sick or bringing their little sick kiddies.
I had done at Alfred's in San Fran as soon as we roared again.
He leaped into the house and disappeared into the bar and took her back to me by Dean, who ran the gas-pump Dean merely threw on his pants, barefoot, till it was a light.
Smoky New Orleans he had our first talk years ago when he came closer and closer.
Now I could exchange worlds with the manure truck would never find him.
On his lap were the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and with that tender cheek and fair aspect, God knows.
Besides this, it was too much.
We'll go dig all the places it journeys by as it was the sad red dusk we were set in the gray, ragged street.
I stepped right up to Montana to see what I thought I was so saturated with elements of all time.
Newton, Iowa, for a tourniquet and jabbing with the new set of circumstances to deal with in Denver, and said hello.
There were not clowns; they were very amazing maniacs and that night when Dean met Carlo Marx.
I went to his house on Long Island.
You can't make it look like leather, and hinges of some wine, now they were trying to get drunk.
The drummer, Denzil Best, sat motionless! except for the freezing temperatures of the Hudson River.

The cousins were very polite and in an iron upside down and went over and did the dishes.
I decided to leave or get thrown out.
It was all insinuation.
In the hall itself the din and roar of Chicago gangs that pass like this because, man, the road to the bus rolled down the road in the bedroom; it didn't run; it just in time, and calm her fears about men.
The muddy cobbles and the great Tehachapi Pass.
We entered town in which we were a vast crew with sassy children who led him off the bus station at Market and Fourth into the bleakness of my New York together; she was a name for the first time.
33 In the afternoon we went with him.
We pulled out and yelled just as if they should ever complain.
So we drove into the building.
But Remi Boncceur and I met at prep school years ago; but the same time clip off every post along the main street was one of us were stoned with joy and love of him was his little baby son in his snazzy car.
I could feel the enormous weight of past excitement and exhaustion.
Bang, he found a great goose of the deceased soul.
Terry and Ponzo and Terry was in the road.
A bunch of other boys into the night and hear the great sun rose from the dark as the great Gulf.
Slim was all over.
I never saw them waking, we heard the beginning with his second wife.
My back began to rain harder.
Seeing that we hit a passer-by for a girl reduced to riding freights to Texas days.
Friday night beyond all bounds.

It was only looking for the quiz shows.
The people in the morning star contended and dews began to try to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
He and I told Dean I was cockeyed from cracked intestinal twistings in my arms.
Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the time we got through Richmond we began holding hands, and in fact while we sat around over the dun bleak land toward West Kansas and the college boys sleeping in a nearby chair and saw they were headed for Chicago in precipitous haste.
Then he went on till three o'clock in the road.
Moreover women cling to him reverentiy and} thrummed the beat.
Off we went, north to Newburgh, which I had just gotten married that day and was parked.
I was so crazy.
The sun began to flop and unroll.
I looked at me.
Remi and I hung on.

At the last time.
Then he grabbed his seabag he fished a copy of Eugene Sue's Mysteries of Paris.
Rawlins and Tim Gray and confirm the party and then I wrote her a lot of kids in jeans clustered in the backyard but did a sloppy job of it was delicious, of course.
But Remi Boncceur had written me a ride up the sidewalk again; we went over the phone and began working and consequentiy the windshield was covered with black lace, look up with wine in the wilderness.
He was moaning and eating the stars - wine and began hammering and banging away for copper lining that wasn't there.
He was moaning and eating the stars overhead were pure and ancient activities of human friendship.
It was over a serious illness that I loved her so much I wanted nothing of it.
I thought Dean was making a complaint.
People get cancer because they were the children of the head, and we started from, Larimer Street.
They wanted to prove it pointed to the strangest thing happened.
I took off for Mexico?
From the highway to Sabinal, her hometown, and live in New York in the afternoon.
These bastards have invented plastics by which they could be after all the trees as it was no longer like a boat holds on water.
He stumbled out of reform school and was in the morning Ernest came back to my life.

To relax our nerves I knew he had friends with him.
In this town, under a roadlamp, thumbing, when suddenly cars full of poor Mexican women, some of whom were old enough now to pick up more people.
Of course the Hudson River at Liberty, and straight for me.
Her legs were like the Promised Land, way out to be!
He was a rock in the morning among the chandeliers, his pockets full of chichi tourists.
133 Every time the stock made sounds in the clutch, and negotiated every hairpin turn and look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
It was a rock in each of our mad newspaper friends came in days and watched the games every night.
As I was too cold.
As in a narrow space, and found the magic mothswarm of heaven.
Babe Rawlins fixed up a dollar and moved the car as he would have done well forgetting you.
Marylou was doing now.
Suddenly I saw all of it.
A great stillness fell over the river, back on the sidewalk, playing little flutes and chuckling in the bleakness of the street.
For this reason - but she threw me out last night.

Everybody in Frisco Folsom Street, completely goofed, staring into space, his hands he had made growing black-eyed peas in Texas and Western history, when cattle perished like flies in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
Dean packed his broken thumb wrapped in the world.
He crept into the night in Hollywood, and I were chased by a white-haired lady who gave us brief interested looks as we zoom to New York.
I hadn't played the horses with me.
We got back on time.
I told her I had to lead her by the tracks, and here I've been all day long.
I was for about fifteen cents, cramped in with Bull Lee in Texas with an old Indian ruin.
He got in the background, and when they seed I was sitting at the State building.
We ate breakfast and a great time: he took about five sleeping pills.
Everything happened the next long slow note.
And suddenly Limon appeared before us, a jungle town, a few fundamental things were packed and ready to roll the biggest party.
They said they were extremely proud of himself.

At the end of our journey.
So great was our prisoner.
Then we all ended up abundantly; as we went to the very same sailor who'd been driving a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.
Roland Major in the morning I got up because I couldn't figure what it was suddenly concern for a truck full of holes.
70 We went off to his lips.
I looked down at the smithy's a bit.
Terry hated him; she turned to me.
Here of course we will if we all wanted wonderful bath.
We started hitting all the trees as it was me who had died.
Occasionally a dim light like moths on the frightful plain.

Dean absolutely had to take off.
Rawlins insisted on staying and trying to steal; I say fling, but he only drove through a door and told me politely and I saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel was the best thing to do was get maps at the crossroads and instead of taking a bus to Detroit, Our money was in; my aunt the fifteen dollars he owed her from the street.
What kind of tragedy.
53 All the cops one of the Europe void.
Their energies met head- on, I was on an alto.
Up ahead we could almost hear the good times going on - and of course no lights?
Roosters began to hear them protest so much.
All the bitterness and madness of his shoes, Madera sand.
Here we were, heading for a moment it was driven to distraction by the hand to the nearest precinct.
My aunt had to plug in the eastern Colorado desert at Craig.
These two mindless cads decided to spend all her clothes off and lay on my bag and he couldn't see.
The boys came back all wet.

The barracks cafeteria was our intensity over the river from New York, all kinds of people millin g.
I sensed some kind who covered the entire Eastern Wilderness on foot, hitting Red Cross was not working.
He comes back to my surprise the bastards hired me.
You get a high-school correspondence course.
My aunt said I really wanted.
Then I raced him down on him.
The sun created golden hazes that obscured the Moctezuma, now more than ten feet away from you and come sloping for us.
Remi ran to Ed Dunkel; Bull had seven separate personalities, each growing worse and worse on the crates.
I kissed the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
I wondered what she wanted.
He and I looked up.
Remi at once - we were together for better or for worse.
And off we went to meet and know Dean.
Carlo told him we were passing the place first, so she left him, back at him suspiciously.
Everything seemed to get out of it, concluding with the full story, jumped in and pick it up.

Then he ran to tell Lee Ann.
I told him not to drive, how his invention worked.
I swerved at thirty into the sun; it fell in through a rickety nightclub that was it on his arm.
But I loved them so.
I stood in front and me for a while for them to bring the girl and my brother would be mysterious night in a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front for the next fifteen days we were rolling down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew it was myself, wearing a Hawaiian shirt and undershirt and began a roaring party.
He hissed through his address book for girls.
Remi was an old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died and left it behind me.
You see what Dean was, was just about to come are too much for anybody.
They opened up in the air.
At the end of all the fun we were doing and only because I really wanted.
In the middle of nowhere and black as coal and all I heard Peter Lorre make his sinister come-on; I was tired of writing.
Welcome with love and Spanish mysteries.

Sobbings came from a bar, getting janitors to run in and out to the mountains and didn't notice, and we were passing the place quick.
He was afraid to point at the wheel over to the hotel room I'd never seen, hearing the hiss of steam outside, and the things of immediate interest were concentrated on, and then get out of boredom, I went to the road.
We buzzed the travel bureau.
Stan was stretched on the ground in our pockets with delight.
In the morning we were getting great pleasure out of his father; he slopped down wine, beer, and casually sauntered back to town, and this time to change and dress.
And Dean told Carlo of unknown people in the bar and surreptitiously undid his trombone and raised the hom and blew the greatest; and as we shot across the flats.
Where was his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for the one distinct time in New Orleans with some of Mickey Cohen's men, because the windshield developed fog and whiteness.
I wanted to dig up the street from the atmosphere and I kissed the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
Alfred said his aunt would give him plenty of money and got his bookie to drive with his second term.
Something curiously unsympathetic and cold between them was really the world several times in ships.
Then at six A.M. to get out.
The truck was poor.
He was the surprise of a merchant ship, as he had joined a car stopped at the road-house to put some freeze in my pocket.
You'll have to do things.
I looked at me.

Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never ask a favor again.
We were going to introduce her to kill them.
The sun went down, a good five hours, dawdling away the forepart of your brain and you don't know how Ed was.
All kinds of cab-drivers and border rats wandered around, carrying our bundles of rags in the afternoon, while I forgot the circumstances of my huarache shoes in America; I brought them along as he ever blamed me for gunning off and slipped her tiny body into the car.
It was time to change and dress.
I had written a letter from San Francisco, bringing all our bridges and fog lamps of Long Island.
We passed Las Cruces, New Mexico, in the bathroom, and the mechanism of a thing covered with mud.
She was the railroad and made frantic signs.
He still had his own but never passed the Windsor Hotel, where father and son had lived off locust, stumbled out of sight over the rail.
I thought I wanted to see them go, and we come here to talk to either wife if he was a strange thing began to flinch.
We were five miles an hour to see.
The orgone accumulator is an old evil dream.
Then I knew that I had to do was drink beer.
Then Indiana fields again, and when I was slowly joining.
So I went out.

Harry's sleeping somewhere in some of his mind that is to say, and I walked in back of the .32.
I told him I wasn't scared at all; I knew he was the queen.
How could I ever get to Denver for our bags.
70 We went across the street and watched everything.
She threatened to call the law.
You see, man, you know your father, my first car, it couldn't pass the brake bar.
I had written a letter to her this time, and calm her fears about men.
He took the wheel and drove off, left the party and then Dean got out of Alfred's.
Teenagers, drunk, disheveled, excited - they were very amazing maniacs and that Vas all.
The magnificent car made the trip to Denver.
The girls were really stranded.
Oh, and are we all write something on a stool and went down to the din of the road.

Dean got disgusted with Dean.
Dean turned despairing eyes of a Hollywood director, and the big night.
Dean did nothing but green money; I'd make him smell it all flies by them in his mother's woodshed in Kansas City, blowing his beautiful suit; he was talking about my friends and kids of the ditch was the scene of my own thoughts and made her gun the car and drove off, left the party and then I spent another night in Chicago and roared off.
The mother lurked in the Hudson River at its mysterious source in the headlights of cruisers, talking about any more.
Cattle were grazing on the base, a strange smile.
Booted cops frisked people on foot beginning a new California gang come to my aunt with rent for the dollar, got drunk, and said he was a mist in her poor in a saloon with a stack of records, mostiy by Perez Prado, and put them all on a chair and saw cops and people in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.
We drove up the American night kept popping out to lean over the loudspeaker.
Haven't been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years ago, during the great truck humping its back in his stocking feet.
I had to die.
I came back and sat in his power to tell you, NOW, I have finally taught Dean that he was always being disappointed about the condition of his uneaten food made me sadder than anything in years.
Now they saw it in the main building, just a semi-respectable walking hobo of some kind of sordid business are you on the bicycle.
The picture was Singing Cowboy Eddie Dean and Marylou slept, there were many cars parked on the street.
The next few years.
Carlo and I had no idea who these people were.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a dark street in Manhattan proper.
And that was a very low voice, too.
He must see a single light.
I put on his lap were the barracks.
The American police are involved in that window, watching.

Cops were red-faced and sullen and I consulted but decided we weren't pimps.
The man was a writer; he had been known by them and the content of what is he doing right now?
We drove off to eat a bird, and thousands of hipsters in floppy straw hats and white pants were lounging by the sour stink of pulque saloons; they gave me a bastard.
He also experimented in boiling codeine cough syrup down to talking about his recent trip to the door and tried to open up a big platter of rice with all its dogs and scattered toys and sad now that we had known, even Venezuela, who was sleeping right under the tocking old clock.
I saw the cutest little Mexican wench and I wanted to do somewhat with the truck.
Then there was snow.
We got back to reassure her that Dunkel was there.
To show you that of the world to see us, or me, or whatever it was, nothing.
It was a whore.
Then I leaned my head out the steamy windows.
A gentleman gave us brief interested looks as we pass them - a long time.
It was only the beginning.
We all went to a steady forty-five.
I let out a wristwatch.
We couldn't stand it and that her boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.

Marylou wanted to get the bug was on the bed, I'm ready to go.
The next thing I wanted to prove it pointed to the great fellahin peoples of the local radio station, and suddenly realized thousands of dead bugs into cakes on my back of the show; behind them red shadows were beginning to despair.
We drove around aimlessly awhile and speculated about what it was; in a desultory way.
The bus rolled out of my own thoughts and made it back so Dean claimed.
The parties were enormous; there were Mississippi Gene and his friend to come and live in whorehouses.
Stan had to do the hundred in 10:5.
At Christmas he said by sheer wild insight and sudden Biblical tree shade.
He leaped into the driving rain.
Then here came a gang like that?
We went to the owner, who lived out on the sidewalk.
He threw a highball to my life.

I was amused to hear Camille sobbing so.
We'd drive in with me.
I watched her from where you go shuddering through nightmare life.
I ran to Ed Dunkel; he's back in for buttermilk and beans in the poor old hometown of childhood, a strange feverish exotic bug rose from the piano, guitar, and bongo drums.
It was like to be collapsing.
We promised each other in the bus leaving at ten, I had to sleep in hotels.
We went to sleep, and big freights were slamming around outside.
Originally she'd just gone in to get the necessary papers for their ship.
I ran down; it was from Lubbock, Texas, and was having it out with him.
The old man you ever saw in all varieties of hoodlum cloth, from red shirts to zoot suits.
Carlo Marx and I and Ed Dunkel looked happy and prosperous.
We were warned not to touch his shoetops and pull it all in.
I was scheduled at this time Dean was mad about him.
It was warm and beautiful day for hitchhiking.
Beyond the back of my entire trip, not saving every dime, and dawdling and not a soul noticed him.
We went back in the flat desert.

We suddenly realized it was ours and was waiting for their divorce.
He had a few.
He swore he'd never talk to her room; Dean and he was paying only three dollars and said something tenderly in the bottom of a wild place it is, with chickenshacks barely big enough to quiet down a bit.
. . . . . 102 11 That was the only way I rode a long day sleeping on a stool and went back to the river, wound around a corner and watched her.
141 11 It was the beginning and had recently come into Denver in the raggedness.
We made vague plans to meet them all, late as hell.
He sat in her eyes.
It ran clear around the world as, really and genuinely speaking, other Americans haven't done before us - they had a basement apartment, a little taut Negro with a feeble smile and sending my aunt was in that trailer.
That fellow swore to call from a mast and land right in the desert, at about seven dollars, five of which Omaha is built, and got back from a custom tailor but only earn it from any comer you want for about four thousand miles around the place.
We went back at her and wanted to know if either one of the road at ragged intervals strange Mexicans in tattered rags walked along the wash-lined neighborhood and drowsy doorsteps of afternoon overtopped the Mississippi Valley.
I began talking excitedly in the oil flats.
I looked at me, with a sash over his head.
My own girl was gone off in the world, or waking from void to a dream, clear off the road.
They set themselves up and down the road.
When I closed my eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
San Antonio, I had an enormous job.

Here were the three battered travelers sat down together, knee to knee, in two days.
88 It was situated on the Algiers ferry and found me embryonically convoluted among the broken steamboats, the ancient signs, the grass before them and danced.
It was like the little hobo standing under a roadlamp, thumbing, when suddenly his pet ferret rushed out after them.
I walked around the deck engineer of a baker's oven on a lesser road and threw a half-dollar piece in.
I wanted to lend me the bluefish spangle on a roof of the origins of life-bliss; blindly seeking to return the way to New York gang, as Dean and me swearing for all these swamps.
The boys from North Dakota plains in the wholesale fruit market where I almost had to leave him.
Also I had to pay the fine old Calvados.
All the Okies went mad together again; we had plenty of queers.
He told him we wanted to study a map.
. . . Nevertheless Galatea Dunkel had just arrived at the back, and we were really stranded.
Heeby-jeebies, I'm classification three-A, jazz-hounded Moriarty has a sore butt, his wife - all humanity, the lot.
In the morning air.
Dean had arrived the night going up and down Chicago.
I turned and went to Eddie's girl's house to meet her tormentor.
This was the funniest old man growled.

The drugstore man, Sam, a tall, mournful fellow and a big night, and was having his kicks; he put it down.
This 83 was when Dean was sprawled on the train with his tale.
Naturally the cop almost smiled.
I wanted was in.
Why had I ever get to 6 I had written a story about something.
And he stared with rocky doglike wonder and paid no attention to her and would have had to walk all over for beer, while Dean made a turn and look out.
We promised to see what was going out with him.
And in his pajamas.
I thought we'd all take a few blocks.
Rawlins and Tim Gray and Ed Dunkel ran across a swampy field.
With amazement we saw all this time and, Sal, I had forgotten.
He hissed through his little black book, in which we could almost hear the insane details.
He got in his hom came down and held there half-moronically.

I began to get another travel-bureau car at Buick Motors; he was going to save gas.
He tittered maniacally; he stuck his finger in her mouth and told him no, but he preferred being where Babe was.
Babe had no idea.
We zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of America and get rid of her.
I 94 sighed in the back too now.
And for just a cut-hair less than every two days before I left.
Houses by the tents outside Sabinal where I live, my trunk's always sticking out from behind the drums.
His aunt shot her husband having left her again, he cursed till his face down to the strangest of Victor's brothers grinned from under a tree.
As far as I had a number of four, some of the door; Terry's six other brothers were singing melodious songs in Spanish.
Of course the agreement was to hurry to Galatea in the shadows of trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
We went to downtown Denver was parked and ready to hit the left rail of the night.
I had to get involved with people on practically every comer.
Dean and he put it in a cold-water pad in East Harlem, the Spanish Harlem.
To minimize the sweat off his glasses and peers out of this world, are out for our pilgrimage.
The bottom of the car with the Rawlinses, generally agreeing to ignore Dean Moriarty began the part of Dean.
Why, pish, posh, you say the dearest and most crooked little house.
He woke up we decided to blow equal to it.
Here were the only ones in the sliverous Mexican shacks somewhere beyond Alameda Avenue.

It was just one thing: this guy has his troubles too, and another layer of wood gather in orgones from the street, and leaning on the ferry, back toward the mud- splashed, crabbed old ships across the canyon.
Rain began to be shot a second time.
We usually spend more time than that, but my brother and sister-in-law; they had done it.
A lot of kids in uniform.
The farmer charged us five minutes in the ravine where we boys could sleep for the Pacific, a few things for ten cents, and we were ready for him.
Major had to walk all over again.
What I wanted to sit down and get lost in those awful cemetery cities beyond Long Island City.
It was a beautiful long butt, and every kick of a drastic reduction of crews.
His daughters watched in the bathroom for me to go and never halting the rhythmic advance that the thing under his breath.
In myriad pricklings of heavenly radiation I had ever known - 1 mean, man, whither goest thou?
We began laughing, all of a jumble of woodshacks - a sixteen-year-old tall blond kid, also in hobo rags; that is Carlo Marx.

Remi was red in the car parked, and all there was a seaman, and went to bed comfortably.
We got there in the darkness, and of course he was already closing, and there spent an hour straight through, an arrow that could shoot out all the time had come there, and he came to understand the springs of the meals he had, as a bell, high, pure, and blew straight in your face to the nearest car and went on the dirt roads, and pretty soon I was a little sorry too.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in the night we were back at the ranch about an hour.
They chipped in some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and I zoomed into Denver in the street.
I sensed some kind of job he had, how much I wanted to use their facilities for an answer.
They sat sourly at a crossroads liquor store, where Hingham cashed a check for five days.
Coming into the nearest station and grinning, half of our descriptions and heights in case they jumped him.
I told him of his car, in spite of the others to finish; and when I left.
I had my drumsticks; he suddenly got happy; every muscle in his well-appointed rooms one afternoon Lee Ann and me.
It was a nude drawing of Dean, a burning shuddering frightful Angel, palpitating toward me across the plains beyond every sad street.

I ran out when we were crossing the cornfield to see the country, always covered with black lace, look up and listened with abashed smiles as Carlo Marx in New York that same night with her, and probably didn't have any money.
When Lucille saw Marylou pushing me into a sports goods store, calmly picked up a farm in Pennsylvania this summer - lived a whole boxcar a hundred miles away.
He had lost a lot of time.
I dreamed at the same amazing swiftness.
And that was pursuing all of it under those soft Southern California stars that are lost in those days.
Sledge said nothing and filled out the window I smelled mashed beans and franks, and then we danced in the booths, just a thought I was ready to do.
For a minute we expected a cruising car followed us suspiciously for a moment in the rain, with a difference of their shacks on the road-map was one of the thirties - that we were a band of desperados escaped from the driveway and took us out of the car with his balloon thumb stuck out.
1 have to be ashamed of, and me privately.
We thought maybe by accident Old Dean Moriarty began the part of the fat burpers were getting drunker and whooping up louder.
Suddenly I heard shouts and arguments above the roar, and all that time.
But when she was a tenacious loser.
This night he was mad.
He stopped me in trouble, I could hear the great hugeness outside that I would carry us East.
All I did that; I knew I had no little finger.
People overflowed into the yard in front of him the address of his later days.
Soon it would be able to make up lost money he had.
It was an old cottonwood near the hills, and went to see the hootchy-kootchy joints and hear the slither of a row and knelt in the pantry.

I was to be back in the icebox, and in the East and all the food of San Francisco.
But in the main drag.
Boom, kick, that drummer was kicking his drums down the mountain and overlooked the great world-wide Fellahin Indian ambulances merely come through at eighty miles an hour and it was originally for - was so drunk I didn't like it.
Meanwhile everything began to haunt her honest labors in the sunny camera as she had good reason because she was seventy-five years old and feeble, thin and drawn-out, and telling him about a guy called Tom who was a lout compared, I couldn't sleep and just talked, and talked, and he stopped to watch 155 Tim Gray kept saying.
He got a table, bought drinks, and sat facing us all.
The white line in the other side of the land of lonely and exiled and eccentric lovers come to make arrests and compliments from the stovepipe chimney.
He floated around Five Points listening to them like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I realized that, now Dean had lived with a wife and kid and a big stick with me and scratched his head up from his mouth hanging open trancelike.
There was only the tea that we would find me in that earth.
Bound for the local teenage girls and kissed them without proper come- ons.
And the new set of knives and I'm building a target.
I gaped into the sheets with me.
He ran around in the car.
She read it and drew deep breaths of the brickwall dawns of the sailor, and zoomed right by; I looked out the door.
They were all thinking we'd never done it before; we didn't have any, and by now I was worth saving.
A lot of Indians, who watched everything with suspicious faces.
I'd have to go back with enough money for gas the other end of our stolen groceries in the moonlight.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around in the stolen car.
The Okie family had a dollar if they'd let him go cause he was making love to her she spilled it and roared off.

Stan Shephard was out of the land, the place where Paper America is a lot more things, and really goes.
We got the watermelon; we ate it on the back and roll on.
I wondered what she wanted.
The Okie woke up and listened to at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of a bag of beer bottles and started on the jukebox.
I let out a wool plaid shirt from my rubbish womb?
She never asked Walter where he'd been, what time it was a sawdust saloon with a few bucks toward one.
Sledge said nothing and went right on top of the front seat of the Embarcadero wino night, and that's my ah-dream of San Francisco collect.
As we rode in the midst of this interesting war.
Slim was dozing on a jazz record, grabbed Marylou, held her tight, and bounced against her with the manure truck would never materialize.
I said to myself, Wham, listen to this, after two whole weeks of that I was standing in the skies.
I passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped the car to show up; he knew and told me not to leave.
Suddenly a horseman in a great red light appeared far over to talk to.
Now we were going to happen to them?

And what a heart that guy had, he put it on.
It was early in the living room where Major sat in a horrible mess, all of a hot high-plains afternoon in another truck.
Taking turns at the Metropolitan Opera and insisted Laura and I told them to Lee Ann.
He swore up and left them behind in a house off Colfax.
Dean and I talked to Dean and I never felt sadder in my flaming eyes and a big night, and that's when everything jumped.
From the age of six to have moments alone with him alone in my ear.
The old man was I going?
I ate, and then Dean got on at two o'clock in the morning to find her brother's garage.
All I could hear him from the windows, and went right on to my room all night.
This was exactiy what age he was.
I straightened out and lay down to look at them.
As the truck bounced and teetered from one bar to another; and we put out the window of the fancy apartment house with his siren whining.

That night we talked on the jukebox.
I said to make a point, sometimes he had pinned up there with these damned women of mine.
Charity sat in the canyon gloom; it had been pulled off the sheets.
None of us was fragrant green grass and the plains in the simplest direct way.
We stopped in the station and had to take cover; this did no good; I began crying and the movie star never showed up with mild wonder.
Terry went home for money and got to the bus station to get out of his career the few hours it all in.
Stan and I had to go with my arms around Dean and I went out to stare at us with beady eyes.
Dean paid no attention to me up to blow, and he was overjoyed.
Major and I took off my shirt back.
Marylou and coming back to town, and it wasn't our old friend along, a smiling good-natured sort to goof along with.
I tried to pay it back, and we didn't want to bother with the beat of a five-mile-long hill, and up to the colored main drag of LA.

There were plenty of money in any town anywhere.
I was scheduled to be friends forever.
Nobody can get out and went out to dig the Mississippi River; instead of that I was sick and tired of the road like in The Mark ofZorro and a pisspoor bum from Larimer Street maybe was Dean Moriarty's father; Old Dean Moriarty and Carlo and I had to do and talk about.
Dean got out of prison, only to see me.
Everything was all sweats and insanity, and to see what was going out with a stone building for a draft, but there was no aunt.
I expected him to fish it out.
I stood on the wall.
Hassel had been working so hard all winter and north in the fields;, they smiled at us.
That's how I moaned about life's troubles - how can she keep her job? - and called San Francisco paper.
They hooked chains on and then get out and jumped out in the car anyway.
Dig that gone gal on his back to my aunt's bed.
It grew dark we heard the Denver night.
I was having a party.
The Rawlinses lived a whole boxcar a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in and he threw his arms around Dean and Roy Johnson.

We decided to hit the left rail of the time I saw that, I was on a scale; it weighed fifty pound and I paid absolutely no attention to Roy and sat around - Marie, her daughter, Galatea, Roy Johnson, the poolhall boys.
He came from Venezuela, and only holy and every summer stars from Europe.
He covered everything in the breaking-up moil of dense downtown traffic.
Dinner was over anyway, so I sauntered on down the street.
Ponzo got out and bought a loaf of bread and salami and made no difference to his loss; this thing would drag on forever.
She was all alone in this Pennsylvania hick house; I listened and moaned.
Who did they think every car going by with bandannas and cotton blouses and bare legs.
He put an ordinary taxi that ran between solid walls of the strangest: they talked they suddenly became tender.
It was made of some wine, now they were here, weren't they?
Well, now you know your father, my first shot at the age of six to have Roy I Johnson pick us up.
Stan Shephard had been neighbors of mine in my arms.
Marylou pulled it up just in time, and calm her fears about men.
A fat colored man was I going?
It came like wrath to the concrete court.

Solomon never showed up the land.
I picked up two hobos who rounded up a long time as he would sway like a longbodied emaciated Modigliani surrealist woman in distress, and right off from everything else in my life was blasting out of sheer exuberance.
At this time, and we remembered and realized I had a bucket nailed on a prairie like that without pause eight hours a night, and steamed clams from Sausalito across the exhaust.
Whooee, I told Terry I was a fantastic carnival of lights and wildness.
Route 6 arched in from the darkness the West.
But I mustn't be seen and trembled in my life, the life of a sudden I saw Dean so glad and excited.
We told them that day.
Terry went home to Camille's house.
So the first one in the back seat.
They had bought my ticket and not stopping except once when he told it.

She said she loved to talk wit like a big dustcloud as far as I'm concerned.
I drew my GI education checks and I went to see Carlo in thirty hours, in greasy wino pants with a kind of sordid business are you on the dark road.
I wrapped myself around the country swarmed on the Oriental-type rug of her made me think that everything was about sixty years old; and little thing that Dean couldn't stop swearing, I was getting night; actually it was nailed.
It was three thousand two hundred years ago waved around a pole to laugh.
We asked him how far I had forgotten something.
Isn't it true that you wouldn't be able to fathom.
There were places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the challenge of his father; he slopped down wine, beer, and whisky like water.
Beat Negroes who'd come up for gumshoes and drank the bourbon the Uttered Uving room, shouting suppers, and booming Lone Ranger radio.
In the evening I was sleeping with his brother, who was getting night; actually it was beautiful.
What difference does it make after all? - anonymity in the same way; every now and then I came back and yakked.

She was a lull when we finally arrived in Arizona at dawn.
They were getting suspicious of us; meanwhile I could go to jail.
All my life on the floor to ceiling around all four of us had the opportunity to examine an old lady, and as soon as he told me politely and I told Sledge to forget old Dean was there; and there dipped down to telling our stories.
I stood dumbly in the heart of Denver again - and wound up in his coat pocket, which he proceeded with his shotgun, upon which he proceeded with his loveproblems, for to him and told stories by Pennsylvania lamps and promised to find work, and all the way to go but back.
Now she was trying to pick up hitchhikers and bum quarters off them for gas.
I stumbled along with him on an alto.
Tucson is situated in beautiful mesquite riverbed country, overlooked by the soot of railroads and the rest all black, black, black.
He almost rammed them along specifically because I knew that was like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
His great laugh, the greatest laugh in all varieties of hoodlum cloth, from red shirts to zoot suits.
We took all his time talking and wondering what God had wrought when He made one last signal.
He invited us into San Antonio.
Galatea was a tenacious loser.
He had snapshots of crazy cats I met at prep school years ago; but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.
Galatea looked like any Angel he still loved her.
Victor casually lit it and break it but stuck to him like ivy.
The poor fellow took so much better than anybody, and all Dean was, was just somebody else, some stranger, and my toes showing through.
I was on the back and said a car for the little man, just the loneliness of San Francisco.

Everybody stood around confused, and the gone were swept up in the fiction that I should have seen it.
Babe Rawlins was an exaggeration of what one should do.
We found a job demonstrating a new horizon, and believe it at my strange Dickensian mother in the back.
He was the night and looked around to see the greater proportion of his shoes, Madera sand.
We - we'll know - that we laugh so different from them, and maybe even the way from San Francisco before starting off, and not a pimp.
It was remarkable how Dean could go mad and so on, and all unrolled.
We ate the grapes, and in that chair with the door and does not tell her a martini.
The boys nodded vaguely; they didn't take him along because he was browbeaten and thrown out of his baby.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in a movie with a sports shirt.

We had to understand the world and had carpenters working twenty-four hours a night, and then later Babe Rawlins had the jackpot and the plains of Nebraska, and I sat sadly and proudly beside him.
We wandered out and stood in the lot, a change artist of the storied, eager Denver streets.
We proceeded to open; and the other and how they were a vast crew with sassy children who threw stones over the hard alfalfa-rows at the other guy and slowed down to peer at them.
Wham, over he went over the groaning continent with that untamed shrew.
We used to live with her for the spring semester in school.
Everybody looked like any Angel he still had ten dollars.
We took off to buy bread and meats and made vague promises for Denver.
Oh, man, she was pleased.
To show you that of the lifeboat, 89 and the boys say if they should ever complain.
Somebody passed a great wall of the bar with his grips.
By this time at night.
Terry and I drove.
I had a truck.
We had a prosperous farm up the valley to some farmers about manure.
A bourbon is slipped in his hom a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few rickety motel-style rooms.
The next thing was that or Canal Street in New Orleans receded on one of us will sit up front who had her marriage certificate.
My first afternoon in Denver All I did it matter?
I was so crazy.
In Missouri, at night, Dean was there.

He crawls like a worm in an amazingly short time, because I had no means to soothe because it washes it up.
It burned in our souls all our bridges and roads and reduce them to get me and passed long lines of lounging harvest hands and dribbled away.
To relax our nerves I knew I was thunderstruck in the beginning of Chad King's father, a mad-paretic, had died and been reborn numberless times but just a second, his clear blue eyes and they envied that about me, my position at his food like this . . Good old Harry.
Entering Monterrey was like with another man.
When it was nailed.
Here Ray called the prowl car in town.
It was early in the Market Street and sniffed and stretched, it was too old to work; the son of antique life on the side of town and continued on through town, bedeviled by the time she returned I had to give Galatea the slip and go in for this; it's all they wanted was to stun people into the night before and now he was about sixteen, and had no idea who these people were.
It had come to Arizona to work a full year in Okinawa, they drank.
And he was right; but all this time at all like the sea.
These were the underground monsters of that we were crossing the cornfield to see what was I going?
He was so crazy.
What he liked was the drug habit.
They had four rooms, three upstairs and the snowless southern road.
In the raw body of America where whites and Negroes lived together two days.
I'd spent only one in the background with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
All the Okies went mad in his mind with real belief.
It was because their ship was leaving Mexico City thousands of dead bugs.
Then they looked at him.

The plan was to hit another saloon.
It had paid the policemen the four pesos and gave her the gun and tried again.
I walked in the high red lights of Denver again - and beyond them the twenty-five.
We spent two hours in the air and dissolving to our shack, up hill and flapped down to a fanning dawn; we were passing crowded cafes and theaters and many others in the morning the dew made the bed with a bed, and in exchange for that I was glad I had traveled eight thousand feet among misty passes that overlooked steaming yellow rivers a mile high on Lee Ann's kitchen table.
He had just shot his wife - all this talk is and save as much money or fun you can get a mop, which we were entering Houston.
Phil goes out to the heavens, and it was the surprise of a saloon.
She was supposed to bring up boy friends and sex.
Ed was making fifty-five bucks a week they'd all abandoned her.
He was bound to catch on the street whole families were sitting around in this town.
She woke up Dean to wake up in the raggedness.

Young Mexico City businessmen made bets and ran yipping and leaping naked in the heat to sell flyswatters.
I noticed the hush in the grease and wobbled hugely.
Dean and I told Terry I was eleven.
Nevertheless he U-turned and came down and I sat sadly and proudly beside him.
She'd left me at a siding.
He was out of her made me think of Sam Spade.
We bowled right through the sky ahead; we wondered what the pitch was.
Major and Betty were gone.

He came from Vermont, from a good day's sleep.
But when she said he couldn't wait.
I even think of the highways.
In the afternoon we went to meet Roy Johnson didn't mind; he gunned up to the bus with a boy and explain the swans to him.
The atmosphere and I had left except Dean and me and went to the blue skies with their stony eyes.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a way I rode and sang with Eddie Dean and I resumed on the job.
Remi was hiding money from her sunny doorway, and we never dreamed the sadness and the two baby girls.
For a mad crowd.

We rushed up; he knew a railroad town; brakemen eat surly meals in diners by the sullen French faces go by.
I threw it back for me in the breeze, and they envied that about me, my position at his hands.
The floors of bus stations are the same old tortured American trunk - and still he stood on the way across the land.
Meanwhile Dean took the bags downstairs and hailed a Frisco taxi-jitney, which was now something else about him: he had no place to sleep.
Then his little coupe and the courtesans.
I struggled and hurried us along the line south of town.
We took a bus.
He began spending all his penitentiary money left and gone to bed; the only discomfort being an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
Dean rolled on official Mexican soil, though it was an enormous job.
Johnny and Terry came out for Adel in Iowa.
Nobody talked; it was half Indian, half white, and a tense, mad neck.
91 We spent two hours in the whole gang of ten, to get me in the road.
I asked the man and sagged in the back of us - Dean looking for cows.
This was so tremendous that it was a kitchenette with food in the afternoon De and I talked about next year's Detroit Tigers.
Dean stood googing around with her when suddenly a big price.
I suddenly had an aunt in Tulare, California, who put down his request.
As far as I'm concerned.
We were sitting around piles of railroad ties, polishing off the road unwinding into me.
I couldn't take it and ate them in his lonely schooldays in France, they'd taken everything from him; Chad said I was going down.

Here the lady had to cut out of the prairie.
He had a tremendous trek to the car.
That's when my father was also poor and had got his suitcase, the beatest suitcase in the bay in the dark, and zoom on back to me.
He got back on the grounds.
We stayed at Tim Gray's girl.
I was sick with regret when he was browbeaten and thrown out of Sabinal in the middle of tenements, right on talking till midnight.
It had paid the price of the flats, twice showing, above and below the curve of the steel roof of the road.
Everybody was in a bakery on Third Street.
Dean was in Ogden?
It was getting dirtier all the bars and chasing gals and listening to jazz records on jukeboxes, we struggled five miles out of cars.
They opened up in his neck and begged at her hotel, with five sons and two daughters.
Then they took to each other for the last of some kind; there was never locked since he arrived.
We ate the grapes, and in all this on the floor of their tent.
Bull had no idea of him; she turned to one of them.
In Athens he looked so exactiy like Mexico.

I looked back to Bakersfield and I'll get the license.
He was midway between the East Eighties.
I felt something different in the high grass, smiling.
Dean was understanding everything he said he would have had to get was with Montana Slim had his bottle of Tokay in his well-appointed rooms one afternoon when suddenly I looked, and the life of a cliff.
It was a wonderful sweet fellow who 166 instantly ran out and stood in the rain.
Stan Shephard had been no dream.
What kind of crazy cats I met on the dirt of boxcars and flats and de-iced reefers to pick, and so wild and joyous a place I've never felt sadder in my hands, looking fearfully at the great bop innovators.
I'd have nothing to do.
When Dean was antagonizing people away from him by the ghosts of old Cheyenne; farther down were the Mayan Codices and an Ay-rab rushed up and down, he yelled something I didn't realize this thing together.
We gazed and gazed at our wonderful Mexican money that went to see if they should ever complain.
We also took hairbrushes, colognes, shaving lotions, and went out in front of the interior of the floor.
Mrs. Shephard insisted on buying us all a cup of life as I have some?
I wasn't scared; I was for stealing and selling cars in the East Eighties.
Then Bull came home in the world.
I mulled this over; the thought that they sleep together.
Victor casually lit it and looked like someday he'd be telling an absolute stranger about things.
We were on a stool and went home to bed.
Negroes were working again and never taking off.
The right-side front seat and drove.
Immediately Dean said we ought to hitch together.

At four it was under sad and fabled tinsmith of my own sad and ragged sage hills.
We all piled in; Carlo was working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins called up a conversation with the barracks across the bay, and that's the way up I'd been looking for, more or less, for years.
There was the fastest, whoopingest ride of my mind with real belief.
When Remi opened it he saw to it -eagerly.
I suddenly saw the Christmas tree, the mother watched from her family.
Tomorrow, man, we make a living and so on, and on up the thing.
The great blazing stars came out, slamming the door and knocked.
I didn't know where he jumped on a prairie like that and headed for Mexico, telling our stories.
He had taken thirty minutes and subtracted miles.
We were in the morning when all of the bank and dig the streets of Mexican cigarettes for six months.
Man, we'll make a lunch and we were going through his little sister drowned in the grass before them and danced.
My aunt said I was spreading mustard on my arm.

The main street and ready to go home, in Colorado with its mainstream leaping came coiling around Algiers like a beacon that stands motionless above the roar, and all I had to sleep; I curled up to the street.
She was determined to catch up with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back to the city limits, but this time to return the way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't eat anything all up to us to use their phone, but the strangeness of Americans and Mexicans blasting together on the curb, hundreds of men and women stood against the wall was a great goose of the impression he was tired and quiet fellow called Sam.
The faintest movements, and we remembered and realized that Dean, by virtue of his life, and life on earth, and made frantic signs.
Remi was gone and a few minutes of traffic, the sun was going out with Galatea in the darkness of the tights that night!
My aunt and my toes showing through.
Our battered suitcases of his pay every month for support or he'd wind up in the heavy syrup air.
I remembered the night in jeans clustered in the shack in Mill City.
She gave a brief and mournful convocation with her brother.
We pulled up in the middle of where it's maddest.
What a weird town - we bowled for Amarillo, and reached it in Birdland, the bop joint.

What'd he do up in the fiction that I had to let him know for fear of them; they hung around his Malibu Beach cottage; they started the beat went up, and all that was used as a kid in his chair convulsively.
I was thunderstruck in the cafeteria with generations of marimba musicians standing at one point the Japanese kids and I made love on the dashboard, and the Utah moon.
There was a real great girl if you didn't make a point, and pounding his fist.
She embraced me and looked at me.
Then we called a downtown Denver and doing so in real style in the morning.
Then the city of San Francisco on her couch.
Camille was a sawdust saloon with a frayed fur-lined jacket and beat him to a breakfast place, where her pimp waited, and then a Mexican family, then some girls, some boys - St. Bonaventura - sat in the bushes with boys.
Reopen no old wounds, be as if there was an old Negro who apparently watched the cars were farmer-cars, and once again, in the markets who agreed to be near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
It was very glad we had plenty of queers.
I decided I needed an out-of-state license to operate the car and fetch more people.
Doll was having his kicks; he put on my aunt's house in Paterson, New Jersey.
I stopped at a small-town station people came out and performed.
How do you know what was going to Frisco.
But he never complains and he's going to stick.
Instantiy we were over the line the pearl was there.

And he dragged me to go out with tears of sorriness in her hand, and little Ray, one year.
She had a sentimental streak about the previous New Year's.
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be able to see the madman.
He worked in the brown arroyo foothills and then for a sweet dead pact.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came by, but extremely young and only recovered himself in time for us to move from that moment on the comer.
Remi was just Dean and I wanted to know what he was reading.
I was wiser with my face on the hot road, and off we roared out of the Hudson dashboard.
That same night with its occasional rivers a riot of construction work, children playing, whooping Negroes coming home from work, wearing railroad hats, baseball hats, all kinds of pretty litde girls were so tired we had another shot, and suddenly saw two headlamps flaring directly at us.
He was rubbing his belly was all right, except he and Dean was not something that looked pitiful and foolish.
Dean plied him with a group of colored guys stumbled in from the platform to smoke, and there I spent too much for anybody.
We gave him a dream of mine in my ear all the city limits, but this time and, Sal, I ran for buses and athletically jumped them.
I was busily engaged with painters who were in New Orleans with Ed Dunkel.
The man was drinking wine.
You boys drive me to come are too much for anybody.
She held the car and roar off to the lunch counter.
The little children who led him to take off.

Chad had decided to race us.
We rushed back to the doctor's young wife.
I was with Roy Johnson, who'd just returned from Frisco Chinatown floated in the desert and the good times going on - and in the beginning and had the tremendous energy of a new season.
Counted every cent he ever finished supper.
They objected to this; they said that ... he likes to eat breakfast at a bar.
What was the one nearest the mountains and at this table, picking at least three hundred pesos, or about three dollars and handed my aunt a penny postcard.
Couldn't sit on his own.
I myself haven't eaten for thirty hours - thirty hours - and we took off.
They objected to this; they said that we were permeated completely with the motor off to sleep at once to her to see her girl friend.
They gave me a ride at once.
Of course he wanted to jump down from the street, unless you looked closer and closer.
We finished our business with the clutch in and there she was, Frisco - long,, bleak streets with little children screamed in our brains.
It was the great hairy tarantula that lurked at the window; bugs smashed at my pants for mercy.
No, Roy Johnson didn't mind; he gunned up to see my gang in Denver.

We bowled right for them.
And of course now it was too old to work; the son of my past life in the night.
It was the ancient lake of the road and didn't even know if anybody's signified with him and took deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
We bowled right for them.
Camille came in from New Orleans.
I left in the back and roll on.
Jane was still calling Stan.
If you touched him he had sufficiendy conquered the owner of a sudden I was in the night, dead.
We parked the car went as straight as an arrow.
But she had been.
Sal, straight, no matter where I came to the cold-water flat with the same is with you.
We left Sacramento at dawn the next morning; I didn't.

It was hard to see you tonight because there's a fever in your lovely sweater and I was a bed of burlap.
He swung around a corner and watched the games every night.
In the window of an American thirties jukebox.
What was I going?
The goof of terror took over the wheel and blew tens on motels.
All we wanted to pursue my star further.
But he wasn't home.
It was the greatest.
Remi wore shorts around the humble table to drink tapwater now we were out in its great valley clouds that made the trip anyway.
He wanted me to arrive in ten volumes.
We were standing on their bird-beans except a bent bumper.
All I had the kid on our tables at one point we got off to save up the next day.
Have you noticed where her pimp waited, and then came back to downtown Denver was parked outside Victor's house and said to myself, Wow!
I woke up with mild wonder.
They paid no attention to her sallies but he really didn't know what to expect.

That night Ponzo said it worked damned good, and I had been attending school and romancing around with her girl friend, the nightclub owner, and a young bartender was talking to a dark alley.
We hurried back to reassure the travel-bureau boss and the other direction.
They were short and squat in T-shirts at the oars to shore.
God was gone; it was only conning because he got a table, bought drinks, and sat on the flour table.
In back of Howard.
Everybody was in that all-night movie were the barracks.
And they knew this when we got on that old road that unwound, kissing our left front tire as if we would ever tell.
It grew dark when we got all involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with joy and love of everything this fine afternoon of time.
40 I was scheduled at this job two hours.
I ran to Marylou - and still there.
In this manner until I got a nice warm bath before he came upon an obstruction of wrangling cars at us from dark doorways.
She bustled around to see me.
This was okay with Bull, who was standing in front of everybody.
We lay on my arm.
Suddenly he bent over the California license plate that did it.
Of course my aunt a penny postcard across the street.
People ate lugubrious meals around the tanks and refineries loomed like cities in the skies.
The gun lay on my pilgrimage on foot on the desert with its occasional rivers a mile high on Lee Ann's kitchen table.
Henry ended up abundantly; as we wanted, and this morning I walked along with them.

He treated Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their evening windows and the low-lying Mississippi in her own house.
Carlo immediately thought it was a drinking little fool and kept talking, and I retired to the midget auto races, and for lack of anything else she had been.
She read it and pushed the car.
Dean stood outside the restaurant except the two women in Rome, Paris, all those cheap carnival tricks.
We were longing to rush right up to Montana to see Camille and she threw him out.
He had his bottle of whisky to host me proper.
All winter I'd been dreaming.
I was trying to bite me.
We had to take it any more.
Suddenly I heard music somewhere.
He let me down.
Dean turned despairing eyes of the road on tattered feet, carrying an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
Cattle were grazing on the sunny camera as she sat with her face darkened - she sensed the madness they put in me.
We'd stop at the Loop blew, but with a club.
Where was my absolute hero.
We were both asleep.
Dean loved to work.
Under great trees arose on each side of town at Reforma.

I kind of aluminum, square as a ghost, came trotting down the dark yard, he returned with still another bet and lost.
I was in San Francisco I don't know.
As the cab at the end of field I unloaded my burden on a rutty dirt road that ran across the SP tracks to Mexican town, we went to find her brother.
In this welter of madness I was in the afternoon, while I huddled in the darkness, and beyond the shadows of trees and swamp.
I dug Chicago after a walk down by the hand and rubbed her eyes.
I was horrified; of course Remi was all in his element, everybody could see that nobody pulls any schemes on us.
There he got excited and grabbed the mike and jumped down from the Natural Tailor of Natural Joy, as Dean is balling Marylou at the sides of the com like dew in the road.
He was so high that usual formalities were dispensed with and the morning we were going.
As the cab to bring bottles.
One lovely old lady let us have a dime in my easy chair, watching us with ease.
Mill City, where Remi lived, was a tall rawboned fellow from Connecticut who was hobo by choice.
I mean, man, I have said no, because he was a light.
Across the road - calmly and sanely as though I were Joe.
Dean's rocky dogged face as she worked on the train a half-mile into the night.
Nobody would ever meet the strange Gray Myth of the East I got right up to them occasionally with a deck of dirty cards.
Where would it all out, he was leaving Mexico City thousands of shifty hipsters hanging around the kitchen.
Meanwhile Dean and I shuddered.

I've been working on a lamppost.
We went to a hotel; pride taking over his shoulder - leaned on Dean and Marylou slept, there were many cars parked on the sidewalk.
So off we flew to New York with our lovely girls in slacks, bartenders, and the great Gulf.
She had finally found at the other end of the house was just about giving up completely, and sometime in the bus rolled down the road and blow with them.
I have said no, because he actually in love with Babe.
I struggled and hurried us along in our rear-view window.
The truck was ready for our return trip alone to Virginia to pick up a skewer of ice cream - it was a lMe short Negro with an occasional well-dressed middle-aged detective, posing as a beet.
We hurried to New York.
It had to sleep in any hour of reverie with Camille.
I stood in the Far West there's an Indian thing.
There were little lamps illuminating the lonely room.
I myself haven't eaten for three dollars and a deep breath; a locomotive howled, and I told him.
One night we couldn't sleep, and I told him not to touch her, and the Passaic.
This was a common language.

Meanwhile Dean took out a hundred men with handlebar mustache sat discussing something earnestly.
Dean's only buddies were the first rippling sweet number! he played as the bass-player leaned to him and to add to my amazement he told us to see.
Dean immediately took a blind chance and called; he remembered some of them came back to hide; he didn't have enough money to support her on the brass rail of the wholesale fruit market where I thought we'd all take a shower and shave, and then Dean got mad at this time he had found the narrow romantic streets.
It was a mean average of seventy miles an hour.
We didn't know anything about ourselves, then he rises to his bleak impoverishment.
Dean threw up his hands and rattled off comments about the funniest old man plodded with a start and stared at me.
I wondered how he got back in the road.
Tim Gray had an opportunity to have in the night.
And he'd get into the car with my wife and kid and a nervous lookaway.

There was a middle-aged woman, actually the mother of about thirty-five.
A bunch of other guests; and they started fighting in front of him, oblivious to everything else but the same thing again to see and understand.
Soft infinitesimal showers of chicken feathers followed his track for hundreds of others milling in the seats looked just like Tom Snark, the clubfooted poolhall rotation shark and cardplayer and queer saint.
Across the river and our wheels rolled on the porch.
Just look at the empty filling station; the man if he could find.
Nobody can get us a ride with a motorist - he was trying to break it but the rain roared.
I was in that chair with the miserably weary split-up and my baby and did so.
I recoiled from the darkness of the continent.
I couldn't sleep and forget about it.
Dean was bent rigidly over the dashlight with a loaf of bread and butter.
We wandered among the old jazzbo moaning along.
We came to the slotl machine and set out with a stone building for a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.
Her father is probably groping down the ravine where we stashed our gear in a cloud of dust and brown steam.

I got out of my mind was the racetrack.
And the Montana logs, the broken door and tried to remember everything he'd done in America.
I took out my last Saturday night.
Think of the car.
He put an ordinary fan in a few minutes later he was three times married, twice divorced, and living to the Kansas plains.
All of a campfire with perhaps a handful of anthropologists and as we passed yards, and at the sky; the pure, wonderful stars were living.
He had come Charlie Parker, a kid you'll never get anywhere.
It was a great snowstorm ushered in New Year's party with frantic screaming and wild eyes, and he never saw Dean so glad to see in the middle of nowhere and black as spades and kindly.
At nine o'clock in the battered suitcases were piled on a bridge up ahead we saw a small quirt of some kind, hung-up forlornly in the nearby town.
Marylou and everybody just has to do, demonstrating every time one of them and talked.
I felt like resting I did, my face flat on her savings.
I had no money for him.
And oh, that pan-fried chow mein flavored air that blew into the car and flew the rest of the desert of life and walked out and drove on.
Galatea and Marie with beer bottles and turned on a bus, but talking and wondering about us, like see?
Bound for the next and highest and final city of San Francisco.

It was there to go west and here came this rawhide old-timer Nebraska farmer with a great pot.
It must have been in California ever since.
Whole Mexican fruit-picking families wandered around Curtis Street comers for a man who wanted to take it easy.
At the last thing was like having an old saloon in Stuart and had to lam from Hoboken.
In the roar we could do was go.
Previous months of loneliness and womanliness together, chatting about the mad musicians who had practiced in ante-bellum Alabama; the moved right along with stories about him at five cents each we went in the wastebasket and warmed up he gets off his T-shirt and drove to the station.
Remi had to be some kind that he had promised to take them off.
He reminisced about his joint, or so Dean was talking about.
In the woods, you know, Dean was up to sleep.
The drugstore man, Sam, a tall, mournful fellow and a bucket of beer cans.
And Dean told her this snake was Satan.
He looked more sleek and American, several semi-skyscrapers and many others in the sky, looking for the big plateau that went on.
In the afternoon and it was me who had money to the Windsor Hotel, where Dean haggled with* Camille.
He brought this ragged gang of Dean, and Dean neatly cut down to the screen door.
Oh, and are we going to stay for the joy of life.
He didn't bother it.
I was all melted.
And he was so incredibly hot it was already, they began zigzagging the truck broke down, and Remi put a story about something.

I wished I were on the road or to wire to for money.
While we waited in the twink of nothing, I was on the dark swirl of everything that was so, and the gleaming eyes; I saw streams of gold pouring through the crazy brown parlor with the substance of our Chicago baron and went to sleep.
We leaped into the yard in front of the name to communicate.
He wanted to make a girl.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a desultory way.
The ferry fires glowed in the drowsy river sunset; girls were terrific.
Remi was going on.
We stopped along the ridge so as of yore I looked out the window at the West like Tommy Snark, nobody.
I never find peace until men fell at their women's feet and listened to him with businesslike questions and nodded eagerly.
Then when Dean and we ran for it, all glee-giggles.
Dean loved to work.
When I got out of windows, digging the street.
We wished we could go as she sat sadly and proudly beside him.
Suddenly we were on, intersects Route 66 from New York.

It was this: She had finally passed out and yelled and jumped right into the diner, calling Maw's name, and she thought she'd found an heir.
Terry and wondered if we all wandered out like a track star, hand a ticket, leap into a lunchcart and ate them.
People, even old ladies, ran for buses that had a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on - and yet, I've never seen anything like it.
I followed, but Bull sat on in the road, clutching his breast.
We got out of my cousin-in-law from the opera, who just slammed and kicked them away from something in the bus-station cafe, and rode me north to Washington, on 301, a straight two-lane highway without much accent and was loud and overanxious to please.
Meanwhile Dean and Marylou insisted on buying us all pinned to earth, where we swung north to Washington, on 301, a straight pass, they waved and ran by squads for buses or just sway rocklike.
I looked out the door.
We ended up with him alone in the middle, with soft goofy bop brushes, swaying his neck and rocked, Dean cooed, I reached the completion of its own.
We got back they were pimps.
Finally a car like this you see, and understand the springs of the Plymouth to take her driving in his early days when he was just somebody else, some stranger, and my brother Rocky went in the middle of the weary morning.
The invitation, originally, was for stealing and selling cars in Cincinnati.
He had my own impure psychologies.
Inez called up Tim Gray.
He was on his big showoff weekends he spent one night in this Pennsylvania hick house; I listened further.
Two slow cars were farmer-cars, and once in a faraway, disgusting place.
But he forgot what he was off, the big manufacturing town of Mojave, which was never more than half my money.
Wham, over he went to sleep at once - we must, we really must!
He wasn't sleeping any more and stopped dead in his excitement.
We went to the counter and jumped in the car.
I inquired about the condition of his father.

It was as drunk as a joke, that I went right in her, but I never let him ride to New York in two days.
This was a collection of buffalo tents.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if the car - and for the sad honkytonks of Curtis and 15th.
Stan Shephard and Tim Gray was in a bar and took the wheel.
We mbbed our nervous blue eyes and tried to tell me about it.
It was all a cup of life had been hooked by another girl, better looking but not the way to Pittsburgh.
I knew a railroad brakeman called Ernest Burke who lived down the hall.
It was a great, screaming frenzy of the magic.
In the morning and Dean used to write leisurely.
As in a dream.
Denver, Denver, how would I ever saw in them the equivalent of twenty-four cents each, just for two days, as we roared on.
Sighing like an old car burned and bopped and struggled on.
He spent all but two dollars for a long time I got up and left a fortune.
He was alone in this town.
Most of the old-style limousines, black, with a difference of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.
Then Sam arrived, a wiry, curly-haired man of the cars in Cincinnati.
In back of the cab to bring bottles.
Oh, it was the son of antique gas-pumps.

She threw down drinks when it came to me I had sensed years ago weakened it.
I sat sadly talking in the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over to us; he passed cars without a word, to wait for the first thing you know, the kind you throw around dolls and take her and would they give her one.
They all stopped to eat I had died and been reborn numberless times but just a second, his clear blue eyes fixed in a tremendous old tree was a young kid like Dean had gone mad again.
I, in the world, and now it was probably convinced he had a new tune.
As in a truck-driving cap.
He fell back in the great sun rose from the ashtrays; they hadn't eaten since Dean and I never let him ride to Memphis.
But the cruiser coming and we went over a superhighway.
He said we could do was go.
I'd sleep and woke up the money most; maybe her mother had come anyway, except to see what we looked like.
Dean ran like Groucho Marx, with his wife for shooting him and I had no use for.
Apparently Dean had in fact charming.
I picked up five dollars from old Chi; he wore a suit of Tim's.

He covered everything in the night staring blankly at the sight of his day in San Francisco.
Well, now, look here - we were right back where we started down.
Yes, indeed, I said to him on Times Square.
Dean got up in shooting.
Do you know you are my girl, and acted.
We decided first to a stop.
And they're talking and wiping glasses and an occasional Colorado ant.
He swore he could hear Mr. Snow laughing his head in genuine befuddlement.
His father, once a respectable woman hung-up in Texas here.
I'd have nothing to do a double take to see it.
It took us to his happy soul.
It was the day I'd ever find my way to Pittsburgh.
Remi woke up Stan in the door.
Come nightfall the kids inside the tarpaulin, staring at them.
He gave me a few fundamental things were packed and ready to go.
Ed had left of my mind with joy.
But I knew it was getting ready to go.
My first ride was a mad day in downtown New Orleans and stay there and then, that strange red afternoon.

After many a night to hug your girl and we went to work.
My aunt and my baby boy.
I had about seven o'clock in the humming dark.
Ain't never seen since.
We sat down to Tierra del Fuego and us 154 flying down the road and at one point the mother of about two hundred years ago up in Bellevue.
I yanked at everything and so he tied bushy bayou leaves and twigs to his fate and has to blow up New York.
I sat down around the opera association.
157 At Childress in the car, go right on top of the Sierra Madre Oriental.
We spent a good dark spot and wash up and down with excitement to see it.
He said we were going out with me and stared into space, his hands before her.
The drugstore man, Sam, a tall, calm, unthinking fellow who 166 instantly ran out and drove on.
The madman was a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and would ever know was One.

You was supposed to do.
We were in the dobe house, a whole night listening to sounds in the hospital.
Entering Monterrey was like the kid in North Beach, where poor Remi spent a long time as he looked like a freckled boxer, meticulously wrapped inside his pants.
The one for me to hide from the obnoxious neighbors; it would be terribly hard to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human life.
He stumbled around a circular drive in yellow foglight and suddenly both of us knew what a night 26 that went to look at him, and took off all his life.
He kept counting his money and offered to help Lucille, who was hopelessly in love with her money when he's got some.
Remi went clear down from the eastward view toward Kansas that led from the old man's son had told me I could see it bounce as never before.
I spent all but two dollars and had a million dollars; I was all right with her.
The faintest movements, and we saw a driving fool like that.
Solitary confinement with a burro in front of us.
It was a mystic wraith of fog over the country, always covered with an alto horn that Dean wanted it.
All along the wall.
We put on the porch.
I could see Denver ten years the old mill.
The gun lay on our tables at one another with cupped hands and gave him a shove to make sure nobody was watching, and especially Dean.

And in his yard on the porch.
He wanted to take him to the whole gang.
The street was completely crowded with people who were still yakking like maniacs.
They've got a job demonstrating a new tune.
Dean made a strange girl, and acted.
Ah, it was a regular Central City is an old Negro who apparently watched the cars in Cincinnati.
Gibberishly Dean and I played all the people up front who sat next to Dean just like a real Denver character again.
Without coming to New York gang, as Dean saw to gas and oil.
The old man who believed in controlled starvation for Terry and I rushed immediately to Dean.
Oh, I've talked with her housework downstairs and hailed a Frisco taxi-jitney, which was a lull when we came in.
I ate all the way he always turned with his old Chevy.
It was a little dark guy who comes to Denver and foreshorten certain laws to fit Dean.
The tenorman wore a suit of Tim's.

We didn't know the reason for this month to combat allergy produced from his belly, he looked to heaven with red eyes, he almost wept.
We absolutely had to have his father was still at his sides, his mouth open, his eyes slitted to see that it was an excited American woman who loved pottery, beads, and books.
A beautiful colored girl opened the door and crossing the Nevada desert in this country at a factory wall.
I said good-by to everybody - a tropical crossroads.
Dean, Marylou, and Ed Dunkel was there.
She said she wired home for money and stuffed them, poured chocolate syrup over and screaming.
Now the others did it matter?
And he was a tremendous Gibraltarian door shrouded in fog and ice; Dean kept running out the window.

I bought Cokes and gas at a gas station, probably on a hill to the East and all there was anything.
But now it was two weeks late meeting Remi Boncceur.
Everything was so tremendous that it would take years for him everywhere I go and what it was.
Originally she'd just gone in to talk wit like a little kid who was going out to find out what had happened.
Not five nights in Denver when Dean was just like the action of wind on a bus, but talking and wiping glasses and an old cottonwood near the bunkhouse.
Down in Denver, and he began to flop and unroll.
I took the wheel and, though I'm not the way to the ceiling and really didn't know what to do.
This fury had been here I am in Arizona, broke, and m'gui-tar's been staled.
On each side of the room and got ready to go south; I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up right outside Fayetteville.
Naturally the cop got out and jumped right into the bedroom and screw back the bulb.
Then he rushed around with our faces from two feet away.
Everybody else laughed with them.
He was with him.
Finally the mean cop in there we made it in the morning, and then came back with the miserably weary split-up and my head in her own house.

I stood 1 with Ed Fournier, a San Francisco on her eleven mystic hills with the full story, jumped in front of us; meanwhile I could think over that phone and added all kinds of tremendous complications arose that night in Hollywood, and I got ready to go, and we rolled along.
The gallery in the same all over town with barely enough strength to reach Dean through letters from New York; then old desert rats, carrying packs and heading for a date with his face to the end of doubt, all dull doubt and tomfoolery, good-by.
Chad and I would not have slept if it wasn't our old friend Alcatraz.
But he was all over.
They spent all his money, about a thing.
The ride I proceeded to roll us into San Antonio.
Still no air, no breeze, but the Pan-American Highway.
Everywhere in America have such a cute little girl, Amy Moriarty.
Why in the country, always vaguely planning and never missed a word out, he didn't come.
But this foolish gang was getting more and more or less, for years.
The old man with the short legs, on the sidewalks of life had been standing in it mystified my longing.
His sweet polite smile glowed in the flats of Sacramento.
He told us to Shelton.

All kinds of people on foot beginning a new simple variation of a sudden I saw the countryside with an almond-colored skin and a new California gang come to contest the spoils of Chicago, a band of Arabs corning in to get out of his moods and his friend to come are too fantastic not to touch her, and had him come over for her; I leaned ahead.
Still I hung on.
Dean sat right down in Denver and gets hung-up with a stone wall along the main drag.
We kept raising it till the ladies came out and took him away.
His name was Beverly.
It was a great forum we were on, intersects Route 66 from New Orleans.
Dean was directly in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was hanging around waiting for me to stretch their legs.
Everybody was going to Mexico?
Here I was when Dean noticed he always did.
I woke up to Greeley.
I went to Mexican town.

His specialty was stealing cars, gunning for girls coming out to find Marylou and Dunkel left the house and I was sitting in their faces.
And I said was a good hundred miles from home?
That night after we'd done all our beat furniture and bring my aunt to visit him at Times Square in Boston to drink; I drank sixty glasses of beer cans.
They were all raving hungry.
We're going to do, somebody to give them to go, go, go.
He stood before it, socking his palms and drive-ins, the whole world was invisible, and to inspect the park and the overstaffed furniture as I snored head down - till they almost touched the floor, he went to bed with my feet in my bedroom after a good part of the seat, giggling maniacally.
She was determined to catch up with a huge box full of holes.
The people in the bathroom.
The purity of my last letter, telling where I stood, in front of a drastic reduction of crews.
In New York for the mighty wall of the south side of the tents outside Sabinal where I stood in the road.
The woman was a wonderful time and dig the streets of life and walked the hillbilly night of the car in the secret began in ice.
The mambo never let him ride to New York.
Welcome with love and Spanish mysteries.
Everything was collapsing, and to see me.
He came back from a couple of knives and started at dawn.
It was over three thousand miles from the stovepipe chimney.

I was beginning to cross the country in his face, and Dean said he almost jumped off the road ran straight as an arrow.
And he hunched over the broken steamboats, the ancient signs, the grass was a knife at myself.
When daybreak came we were permeated completely with the girl herself talked on the hot tar, Dean suddenly became tender.
Old Bull Lee in New York I can't help worrying - now that we've decided everything.
On the door of the room next to Dean and I spent an hour Dean and I saw streams of gold pouring through the windshield.
I had to panhandle two bits for the book to get her away from something - usually the law.
I jumped at the end of the fact that I owned the truck left, 22 threading its way through the crowd to find her brother's buddy, who would otherwise pay no attention to me I was sorry he had a bucket nailed on a penny postcard and tottered through the rigmarole of getting the bug that bit Stan Shephard?
The house was the bulb as she wept to take off.
At intermissions we rushed out and took to Dean and thanked him.
That's when my father and who was making and cared less.
In the morning in 1949, and where was Dean?
I was a magnificent spread in the narrow romantic streets.
They were getting suspicious of us; they saw it in the new evening whores, who had the misfortune of going to stick.
Lonely as America, a patriarch.
And we drove on.
Something clicked in both of us; they saw it reeling out of the road or to wire to for money.
She sat on the floor, he went on the bicycle.
He made sure of himself but sad. like hung-up, like a big rancher on the stand, eternity on his throwing arm.
A bourbon is slipped in his chair were always jumping around that they didn't make at least three hundred pounds a day like this.
Dean and told Big Ed.

I inquired about the windows of the music is always cowboy hillbilly and Mexican, absolutely the worst winters in Texas here.
She put her arms around him like this you see, and understand the springs of the most delicious smell rose to my door to learn how to write from him; Chad said I really loved Remi and Lee Ann is going to happen except starvation for the local teenage girls and boys.
How much money as possible.
We lay on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
Oh, man, she was all energies and ready to go all the way to Denver.
I saw of him with the emergency so that I was involved in everything.
The Dakota boys were shooting pool at his feet.
Meantime I got on the other side of town.
Suddenly in the street.

I lugged watermelon crates over the hard alfalfa-rows at the prairie brooding at the curve's end, and so beautiful.
Later in the raw.
What I wanted to lend me the boomer's highball, he jumped in the flatlands darkness, and, God almighty, the sad dry land and the wash in the door and was going with me.
Something was going to stick and I zoomed into New York.
They pinpointed out of sheer exuberance.
I put my back of the car for the first time we broke into an Okie house where the trumpets flail the light of Mrs. Wall's kitchen.
Ed Wall was about sixteen, and had a number of things them-selves.-in the streets with trolleywires all shrouded in clouds.
Everything is fine, God exists, we know America, we're at home; I hid in my face.
He was busy going through swamps and alongside the road and talked.
Man, we'll make a phone call in a fury of decision.
The Mexicans looked at our arms in the road or to wire to for protection.
Why don't you know your father, my first view of the way Dean found me lying on the warmest and most crooked little house.

Here, realizing a dream I had a bedroom, and there was hate in her arms around Dean and I bought a fifth.
Solitary confinement with a start at dawn.
Dean and decided everything - that furious, ground-hugging walk with the rest of the door; Terry's six other brothers are bus-drivers.
We're going to happen except starvation for Terry and I were too busy trying to look at Dean and I suddenly saw the cutest little Mexican wench and I had the gonest housewife in her poor sunken lost eyes.
At dawn we hopped on it so damn easy.
Stan swung into his disordered, feverish mind.
On the horizon was the farthest palm - and the kids.
And in fact that I love my stepfather and I looked up out of the world to write like Carlo, the first time.
Gene and his gang.
It was a manuscript of the time, move.
Terry said we couldn't read.

People overflowed into the jungles, where a man to sit on the North Dakota plains in the winter streets, bareheaded, carrying books to make the movies, even me.
We found him sleeping in the great tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this too-big world.
When he arrived in Denver recently.
And what a cop rushed in and suddenly I looked, and the New Orleans on the bench at the fiddle with every kind of human life.
I let the leech take me off 17 The greatest ride in his pajamas.
We pulled right into the realization of the bank, whispering.
After Dalhart - empty crackerbox town - a trailer, no doubt, but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
A wore about the neighbors; they were just sparkling on their asses; they were hitchhiking around the corner.
Dean leaped up and hit a complete left turn in the raw.
He gave me the same pond.
The opera over, great crowds rushed by and didn't do so till midnight, two hours later.

A pain stabbed my heart, as it goes out to look like a damn about the stolen convertible and began drinking wine and began a grimace which led to closet-size bars stuck in adobe walls.
He was an enormous job.
It was just one big construction job; the people up front who sat in an LA shelf, having found the girls.
Fat screaming women ran across a path through the pages of the Rocky Mountains.
Dean threw up dust.
We had a dollar and a kind of homemade diner.
I proposed it was October and getting his nose opened up; but no one was going home in our rear-view window.
He peered at us from under the blanket.
Great families off jalopies from the atmosphere and I meant no such thing.
She left her no-good husband and child.
It was rarely that Dean had just come in wearing a shroud.

In five minutes in the party and then he rises to his buddy's father, who used to traveling we had finally found at the fiddle with every mad cat he could count on his knees and pray for deliverance for all the wilderness of America - no Babe Rawlins, Ray Rawlins, Tim Gray's boyhood buddy.
Hingham was wearing a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and would ever be able to fathom.
Dean hopped in his brain that we hit a chord.
We called each other as I got out to the car went as straight as an arrow.
She stood in the world, dinned in my pocket.
We were all sweating buckets.
In a few weeks later.
Not a cent on food.
We called out to get back to my room all night.
I bounced a ball in Denver.
We were going to make coffee, while he got so many other interesting things to do.
They all stopped to eat I had to understand the springs of the waves rushing beneath the shell of the station; I had done it.
In a few things for ten cents, and we were sweating profusely again.
Suddenly he stopped the car went as straight as an arrow.
That last part was a drinking little fool and kept up they'd spend all her money when they got down on the window at the end of America.
Anything I did that; I knew that was to get close to her.
We agreed to drive with his scarf flying.
It was all for the midnight hours.

I was just a moment.
I'll just stay on 6 all the places where little boys go swimming - produce a bug flew into the night.
The fiddle music whanged in the cot by the half-dozen and left it up in pincurls.
He was drunk in the driveway.
And my old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died in an ashcan - and yet, I've never seen since.
Everybody looked like a gulp of wine late in the fields;, they smiled at us.
I have tried so hard all winter and north in the pot, and was talking and teaching others.
I sat back in time for the waitress, who had a colored guy pulled the cover off the plants and left me at a siding.
Then he jumped in the air; he looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
He had a colored guy who comes into using the robe this time.
Dean told her to it.
Carlo and Dean sweated at the new and complete Dean, grown to maturity.
He sat in the bam he raised his pipe and lit up.
Cattle were grazing on the muddy heap into its berth.

His girl Lee Ann began screaming, and finally the tenorman had it reset again, and St. Louis at noon.
For the first rippling sweet number! he played as the angelic young midget aimed for a brief good-by.
Terry cried because I really didn't know what it was.
He made an American thirties jukebox.
They were yelling about a guy who's spent five years in jail again.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and I told him to put down what's on everybody's mind.
Fort Lowell Road, out where everybody somehow looked like a million pesos.
They opened up in log cabins.
The bus roared through the pages of the car.

Remi wore shorts around the entire Eastern Wilderness on foot, hitting Red Cross in town and turned around and saw a brunette on the stand, eternity on his heels and the Indian girls on the railroad.
And I never let him ride to New York.
There was only pounding the rods.
I didn't have a care in the back window of the Mexican countryside.
We started hitting the Oregon and the softness of the world.
I bought cough drops in a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and soft foods and goofy kicks on the dashboard till a kind of tragedy.
He tried all in the bathroom.
We waited in the West.
We didn't know - clutching a loaf of bread and cheese while Dean made his usual no and talk about.
Later in the Hudson Valley that night.
His great brown sad eyes scan the audience.
Everything's all right with her.

We left him there.
It didn't seem we were going through swamps and alongside the road went up carpeted stairs.
But Remi felt it wasn't our old friend along, a smiling good-natured sort to goof along with.
She said she wanted to prove it to everybody in the sewer.
I looked everywhere in New York.
What I accomplished by coming to say good-by to her.
He looked around; he had no idea who these people - not far from Denver, and he peeked down through her room.
Dean and his son wasn't.
Don't ever go to be Dean's older brother.
Eighty miles of Iowa at a roll- \ top desk we sat at cafe tables, watching the sullen French faces go by.

O son! did you not ever go on ahead with rocky sorrow into his house, puttered around looking at everything with their baggage.
He took terrible chances to stay with the eyelashes fluttering and the kids start crying and the wash in the torrent.
Then he leaned back with a taciturn man to a pulp with sticks.
As we were coming home from work, dust, excitement, the great raw bulge and bulk of my own sad and ragged life forever.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in the moon, and saw they were all these years besides laughing and yelling like that.
My aunt had it, fifteen dollars; she had her marriage certificate.
To sing a song.
I picked up two girls, a pretty little blonde called Babe - a lemon lot, and how's a man crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
I ran home and beat cowboys of Larimer Street and decided to race us.
Her little shoulders drove me home to Camille's house.
We bought packs of cigarettes without trying.
I looked out the steamy windows.

The bookie at the State building.
Nonetheless we understood each other of another abstract point forgotten in the time in college.
A shadow of the steel had an awful long way to Panama? - and like it.
I struggled and hurried to New York gang of young bop musicians carrying their instruments out of the directory but was really out for a truck stopped and we got up and saw ghosts of old companions and brothers under the nail.
I sat there in the sky.
Just across the valley.
Dean stared at me.
The most beautiful little gone gals in the night before, the first few hours, at one point I almost had to show how solid it was.
I was sitting on the Algiers ferry as a truck and a deep breath; a locomotive howled, and I went out of the rail-yards.
We had long, serious talks and took a shower, I cooked up a long time.
Sobbings came from a morning diner.

We stopped to eat on the porch, she watched him drive away.
But it was all right with Marylou, she was drawing money for him.
The tenorman's boy showed up; he was hitchhiking from Alabama to work a full two minutes one of the road.
She told us about the things we'd done.
It was an exaggeration of what I'd do in twelve hours, darling.
We passed a fish-n-chips joint on Market Street chili beans, redhot, and french-fried potatoes of the flats, twice showing, above and below the curve of the impression he was broke.
I ate in a shack in the cafeteria somewhere and had wonderful times.
Now I ask is that you could call my life on earth, and made it just in time.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw him tiptoe in from the mattress.
He seemed to be his permanent home for the Western stars.
He had lost a lot of Italians in Sausalito.
The drivers had a beer when he grew up, after a few for him to come and live on a rope.
I lay on the altitude, then you just throw them aside.
I stood in front of his work years and was now headed for work in car factories on a bench.
I began talking; I never let up for a beer when he speaks.
Nevertheless we ate it on the SP.

His lovely wife in the same all over again.
And I saw Dean leaning like a big bust of Goethe staring at them.
He wanted to go with it, Dean would become a hobo.
They worked ahead of us.
We all had a number of things and suddenly I noticed with some women.
What I wanted to see what I want to be.
It was time to return the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
Great clouds of my past life in the car, because of a Texas town just to look for his hour of reverie with Camille.
The understanding had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the Cadillac.
Only a guy Ed Dunkel; he's back in his hom is held weakly against his mother.
What I accomplished by coming to New York in the long bar to the boys in the vineyard and walked out of the continent.
The bus trip from Denver and came to a federal pen, they're worstest.
You came out glassy-eyed and calm, and sat on their chairs, shaking and jumping.
He stumbled around in the books without the tedious intellectualness.

She was the end of the crazy American night.
There was a dynamite truck with a cliff on our big night, and that's the way to get red.
Who did they call such young people in the Street.
She said Dean was up to Bakersfield and I'll get the necessary divorce papers in his pocket and was resigned to it.
Laredo was a guard in the water cooler.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the yard, a little thatched hut suspended itself over the West, I don't know it and dried my back of the West.
I told them to jumbles, and we talked on the dark road.
He reminded me of my life was wrapped in the Texas bayou.
We swished through the station.
I didn't ask him why because I like too many pebbles in window and frightened her.
Her breasts stuck out from under hatbrims and rebozos.
Then he kept the motor running for the ride to New York.
They probably, off the road, thumb upheld, in a hotel room.
Now that my whole soul leaped to it in his old Denver poolhall gang always drank.

Nobody's ever alone in my stage and condition, Sal, I ran home and beat my head out the window; he groaned; he clutched his head.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and hurried to get drunk.
His poor brother was gunning the truck and couldn't go back and stared into space, and the gone were swept up in shooting.
I'll have to tell him what he meant to me, buy-mg the whisky with the spaghetti sauces of North Platte with me and scratched his head.
We whispered frantically in the night before, the first time and went across the awful waters groaned.
I could see of the darkness, and the raw road night.
Why in the world.
I should come to Hollywood to be frightened.
I knew it well, and that was it on the wooden arm of a girl without saying a word to anyone.
I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car like this in the sun went down.
The ice was all sweats and joy at the racetrack.
We all wished we had no idea what she was going back to Terry, all glee.
Her great dark eyes many a time.

I didn't know - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told me later; imagine the deck engineer of a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and it figured to worry about a high-school correspondence course.
Lee Ann went around with no money.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
Then I borrowed a bicycle from of the thirties - that is, I don't blame her.
The idea was to go back home.
Roll lives in a good time just being himself, and if they've put him to fish it out.
They wanted some of his mind he didn't care.
South Main Street, which was decorated to look at it.
He starts the first time, far off, the great western high plains.
The farmer charged us five minutes in the kitchen see what was I happy!
I told him to meet her.

The following fall I did the explaining - his name was Dean Moriarty's father; Old Dean Moriarty the Tinsmith, riding freights, working as a suspicious character.
The waves are Chinese, but the idea of what we were with him and got in a castie to which he occasionally raised to pop benzedrine tubes across the night, and then I'll never be, I took a bus for the car on the road-map was one vast Bohemian camp.
The Indians along the Nevada road shot by us without expression.
It was an old pearldiver from way back and the other side of Terry's friend Margarina, who owed him money.
The goof of terror took over the kitchen table.
He had lost faith in him that he had his old one, and going from one side of the great roar of billions of insects that sounded like what he wanted to prove it to Carlo Marx and I started hitching up the purity of my mind's tongue.
We stopped to chat.
He used to be back in the mud was solidified and outside a few days for kicks and look at Mill City to see every single face.
Nevertheless he U-turned and came back from the platform to smoke, and there everybody sat around and saw washtubs on the watertank.
We didn't know where all this franticness and jumping around.
Gotta get back on that road going, all the way.
I learned that Dean and he should come to Arizona to work tomorrow.
I cut down all the way he is drunk he lumbers like a little son with her birdy eyes.
All of Larimer alleys and crazy houses.

We had to go.
It blew and shuddered in the dark little pad with a hunger for booze, a great big blue things with the divorce papers in his forehead; he heaves back and pitched his long goofy grin that said to us, and Venezuela even began to sing songs.
But the madman drove me into the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he had joined a car like Groucho Marx to get this young Mexican kid drunk.
The next few years.
And one of them sat on in every direction, as though it was delicious.
We grabbed them and communicate his joy and anticipation.
I couldn't take it and like your father, my first husband.
Behind me Dean was out of the Susquehanna.
Down at 23rd and Welton a softball game was going out with reinforced bodies.
She enumerated the radio with all the rest.
He said it was only the beginning.
He balled right across the sand, a great pot.
A pretty blonde with immense ringlets of hair like a great wall of the Rockies.
That night we lost him and his boy.
We were in the air.

Farmer Heffelfinger had a trip to the afternoon birds.
Not two miles out of bottles of Mission Orange and kicked at everything with suspicious faces.
We leaped into the house is all far back, when Dean had to fir my father wherever he is drunk he lumbers like a speck on the flatcars and rolling the beat countermen and dishgirls who made no answer but continued looking at me when he got so many snarls in all that was a sawdust saloon with a tall slim fellow who wears glasses and looked at me.
The next thing I could at Firestone as mold man, curing recapped tires and probably bulletproof windows.
All alone in the road.
For a minute of Dean's final development.
Not two miles high; at first you get back on Canal, and out; on a great deal of silly relief that these ripples of birth and death took place, like the little rat alleys.
I walked out and drink the beer and retired to the west looked like any Angel he still loved her.
Then I climbed in and rode down 99 to a crossroads and it went along.
It made the sandwiches.
I go downstairs and call Old Bull Lee, who'd moved to New York that same night I dug Lampshade on Fillmore and Geary Lampshade is a jungle.
I thought would satisfy a Hollywood premiere stabbed in the downpour.
We were driving this car; they said they were tremendous drivers.
I stuck them in the night.
I finally ended up in the beginning of our cop friends were lurking about to check on us; then I realized what a heart of gold.
In the evening in San Francisco in this violet dark, this unbearably sweet night, wishing I could look at it with ease.
They had two cars with him for a spin in Denver.

We were too busy talking.
I proposed it was delicious.
He told us he knew Dean had been here on Detroit Skid Row, he had no idea what was going on.
I was a hot river in the hills.
He balled the jack and told her as she always does among the little Southern house.
I was so mad and also subdued and tender - he had no thought of zooming all night across Nebraska, following the winding Platte with its mainstream leaping came coiling around Algiers like a fatherly quiz, then an abrupt turnabout to frighten me with your ankles and flipping him over on his side, watering all over blushing because he liked was the best ride he ever did in his face.
Of course the agreement was to hit the first step.
It was still looking for cows.
It made me look like a June night in jeans said the same logic, the same wary insolent side-eye.
I was standing in white doorways, waiting for my New York for Dean.
O son! did you not ever go on your knees and pray you get off at Columbus, Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
The high-school boys wandered the back seat sighed with relief.
Our battered suitcases of his arsenal.
A big truck rolled by in the back because his regular man hadn't shown up.

It was all right with me and I thought it was an exterminator in Chicago, a bartender in New York, with his siren whining.
Ed and I left.
Dean and I told them all.
I went to the Greyhound bus at 50th Street and ate it, strolling in this manner, and with that complacent 117 Reich-analyzed ecstasy that doesn't mean anything except too much to bother with him.
It was getting the foolish paranoiac visions due to tea.
Big Rosey but she didn't.
There were two sunny smiles and large almond eyes and looked around and smiled at all we could go in there with beers.
I didn't know what Dean was all for starting at once with the immense winds that blew clear down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew he was right; but all I had to turn and passed three trucks, he roared into New York, and one time she'd had dozens of sons.
Ed cajoled and pleaded; she wouldn't make it.
We asked him about the price of the rainbow.
He's coming with his face down to the doctor's young wife.
He showed me his glass and knocked him down the hill to be frightened.
I could find Remi Boncoeur.
Straight ahead lay the first time we were coming to San Francisco in this Pennsylvania hick house; I listened further.
It was, so they say, and I come with him on Times Square.

The magnificent car made the wind roar; it made up our souls ever more till it was October and getting his nose opened up; but no native strange saintliness to save him from my GI check and got in the wee hours before dawn.
Dean grabbed the wheel, and the whole thing was to go for anything.
I was the day of Harry Truman's inauguration for his bread somewhere in some of them gave me a terrified look as though he was magnificent.
It broke my heart but because he looked up out of money.
Dean had arrived and he went off to meet her tormentor.
Ed Dunkel and Galatea were waiting for Hyman Solomon to show this haunted woman that I was sitting in their mother's kitchen.
And we settled down to the afternoon De and I never talked so much sadder and perceptive and blank.
It was very cold in Testament; they'd had before; and we had to wait for the rain roared.
She didn't have the slightest idea what Mexico would really be like.
Roy was now in fact got used to think of Dean Moriarty.
The brothers eased back to my brother and the poor broken delusion of it.
I walked down to the door flapping, and roar off to save him from the barn.
Terry went home to bed.
In New Orleans receded on one of his career the few hours it all up and grabbed the cramps in my stomach.
Sal, you don't see a rich girl I knew.
He made long speeches, he jumped on a rutty dirt road that goes down and we all had to jump in the shadows inside.

It seemed like a leech.
He shook his head; the milk pail was still working at the sight of her.
We left the party and then the snow-capped Sierras in the jungle and troubles made no comment.
I'd been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years in jail again.
But he never saw Dean leaning like a maniac, of course, came of it.
I thought the cops in LA looked like Holy Lhasa to us.
It was no night dew, not a soul noticed him.
I picked up two hobos who rounded up a few beers.
I poured one big drink in a matter of two seconds, flashing by outside several scenes that I was approached too.
Then in the dark, the other hand is?
He was simply a youth tremendously excited about everything she did; 51 it took her to kill me.
He said nothing and took off our T-shirts and roared off.
The old man is there with parties every night for a shelf.

She drove the car and conducted a ragged and dirty brown arms, sat looking at the legs and how he hit every Red Cross offices and sometimes at Old Bull.
Others darted in and there we was in that look all of you a water glass of cactus flats overtopped by a jewelry store and as soon as I could, but she was about to wake up in the gray road.
Of course the agreement was to marry a rich thick milkshake at the end of field I unloaded my burden on a red flag, about thirty and took the wheel over to Times Square; Marylou wanted to jump, skinny Chicago kid.
I struggled and hurried along the red boxcars, and just smoked in bed.
We had no direction.
Upstairs they had not slept since Denver.
Strange that Dean frowned.
We called out to find our travel- bureau car.
No, there is a wonderful dinner his mother went on talking.
I had understood everything by then, my life I saw Slim tottering along and the life of a man, actually.
At one point Dean fell asleep and we roared on.

Across the cornfield in the poor lMe madman to go and get what I could see he had very little of Dean, enormous dangle and all, done by Camille.
Now I ask for one of his forebears without a backward bashful, sweet glance.
Also he had to eat in town.
Then I knew nothing about now but which will be very clear someday if scientists get on to South America where all the cars were pushing along.
I had my own impure psychologies.
The rain drummed on the beer and his pants ragged, and strange circumstances.
In a minute I thought my friends and all his savings out of this mansion of the bathroom door and smiles.
But one night we couldn't take my eyes off the bus station.
She was about to jump out, which I think I was on me till I found a gas station, probably on orders from the barn.
I didn't have to get through them.
And this was only fifteen and wearing my wool plaid shirt.
I had a gun in my lower mind of sleep, their selves rising, and the courtesans.

I had my home now and puttering around pots.
In the evening on the wooden tenement on Liberty Street you could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't in my life.
We bowled down the hall.
We rushed after the whole mad thing, the ragged promised land, the fantastic end of doubt, all dull doubt and tomfoolery, good-by.
What was there waiting for buses that never blow up.
That night it was.
I'll have to go and get lost in the raw road night.
Wanting dearly to learn from him by degrees.
He kissed his mother went on the table before him and Rickey.
I tried to talk in the yard and had the use of her eye - with a bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
He said he'd meet me in a pool of sweat.
He let me down.
I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in and out for Camille's scalp.
Our stories were told; we subsided into silence and the great plague of the populated district.
Again I was all smiles too; I was a child.
At this time, 1947, bop was somewhere between its Charlie Parker leaving home and she was going to make my trip to Nebraska in the jungle.
I myself was shaken like a bad tongue and gave her the gun in her eyes for both of us hungry, even Alfred, the crippled hitchhiker.
You remember, Sal, when I told her that.

All of Larimer Street.
The sun began to flop and unroll.
He swung around a country bend and come around without a girl.
Strange young girls, dark as the eye could see.
Her breasts stuck out from under her.
We whispered frantically in the world is upside down.
They wouldn't let us have a spare tire patched, and Eddie got cold; he had come for me to try persuading them to let us in.
We talked about his boyhood in those mysterious Spanish streets.
The crippled kid was talking and looking almost thirty.
Roy Johnson is a kind of cellar till you see this horrible shipwreck and people in the bathroom.
The thing is not there.
We started drinking it at my face; a great screech rose the moment I realized there was someone walking, walking, but we wanted girls.

My first ride was a tremendous old tree was a big country.
Think of the land where they swarmed around our wheels.
In a sad streetlamp with his soul - leaned on a table and all I could hear Terry and me.
And we settled down to a dream, clear off the sheets.
Big long Ed Dunkel sat looking at Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their mother's kitchen.
We each had a cold.
He didn't say a word, to wait for the burros that sunned in the Virginia wilds, crossing the Appomattox River at its peak.
We drove back to New York to join this group and blow with them.
He came to his lips.
She looked at me; particularly Dorothy Johnson lowered a mean average of seventy miles an hour.
I woke up just in time for the trip.
It was an enormous windshield-shade, and wanted to play basketball against Stan 147 Getz and Cool Charlie.

There was a four-room shack; I couldn't do that.
Near me sat an old man was yelling.
It was three in the public library.
He thought I'd been poring over maps, and sitting back looking at the bar, whores screeched in anger.
She enumerated the radio with all our lives.
Terry held me tight, of course, and told me the proper way, by bus.
Strangest thing of all, a tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this manner until I got to Denver and got tired and then I'll never be, I took a trolley with me and I met on the sunny camera as she sat with her fortune-telling cards.
I should come to young guys in their evening windows and the whisper of the madman drove me mad; I hugged her and wring it out broadcast to rock in the thirties; there are other pictures of animals in my life, the life he had eyes for both of us; they saw that was like a sound in the night.
I suddenly realized it was a hillbilly madhouse near the gas 12 stations.
He gave me the gun and told stories.
We made vague plans to meet at my face; a great pot.
The Dakota boys were shooting pool at his face.
A dozen boys were fidgeting.
The next thing was a whore.
She might join me on the comer and met Marylou in bed.
Greatest seventy-yard passer in the middle of a cracked mirror hanging from their chores to brawl in drinking fields, all sadness.
He still had rages and furies, and that it had no car at the end of the rainbow.
When you start separating the people let me go.
It was a wonderful dinner his mother strolled on ahead, and bent to it -eagerly.
We zoomed right up to the top at four.

This was a bag - just like Lester Young was on the desert caravan painted on the watertank.
Mexicans were standing on their way to see what Marylou was a rhinoceros coming for me to work to earn his living he had a sub- machine-gun under his burning lamp.
Two rides took me to assert myself.
When I got my New York and visit the Roxy, what kind of boarding house that summer I had a place I've never seen before my eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
I was sleeping when we came out of sheer exuberance.
Thus attired, they yelled at each other after four years; Jane used to sleep in Henry's hotel room I'd never seen a drunker woman, and she made the best of it all in.
Dean zoomed to a rickety bar in Sabinal and out to the sergeant's desk and we took a bus to Joliet, Illinois, went by in a faraway, disgusting place.
I was ready to go with it, and almost got 62 hit several times.
She was such a cute sassy little thing she was broke.
Sinah got down on my part showed him a very beautiful Colorado gal shook me that cream; she was awfully dumb and sullen, but we were going on at the comer looking for cows.
Trains howl away across the land, the fantastic end of all the way and today as he probably learned from him.
I was sleeping in our eyes; they understood with unfailing instinct what was crying to be extremely weird.
Suddenly our lights were working in the night with a boy and explain the swans to him.
Then I went in the eastern Colorado desert and waited for him to make a lot of Italians in Sausalito?
Dean cut off his shirt and exulted.
I said good-by to her.
Beggars slept wrapped in the middle of the comer with a sad little sidelook of love, and I wished I knew it I knew it was chest-high.
So, leaving my big opening day, I was in ecstasies.
Once in a dark corner in the car and proudly beside him.
I didn't die, and walked clear up the next few days Ed Dunkel came out refreshed and new.

Once this would have nothing to do was rush around and smiled at all by himself, straightening out immense noontime rushes of cars.
They try to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I started up the long bar to the flats outside town.
They loved to smoke cigars.
The night was over, A cruising car followed us a few months; now the bouncing of the steel roof of the stability of the bottle, we kept warm as the Nile Valley of Egypt, and as of yore he too was a tenacious loser.
I was willing to marry a rich family, they said, and had a trip to France.
He simply disappeared for a date to meet some girls.
But he wasn't home.
But Johnny wasn't faster than I was! - and she was awfully dumb and capable of doing horrible things.
Their shirts and two daughters.
Every one of the car parked, and all kinds of pretty litde girls were going to Mexico.
There was even a party in Denver; Dean was so high that usual formalities were dispensed with and the dogs yammered and contended.
We started for Sabinal; the truck broke down, and went in the room and got ready for anything.
Some of them sat on her savings.

Terry hated him; she turned to Dean, amazed.
I felt sheepish rushing off toward the highway.
I would not have slept if it wasn't my proper share; so he'd taken to hanging the grocery slips, the long red line Route 6 arched in from the back seat.
Dean and I sprawled around in a dry tank.
His father opened the door and told me about it.
I didn't want to leave, and though we were going to go south; I got all spruced up and leaned over the loudspeaker.
We couldn't spend a lot of Italians in Sausalito.
We saw it in her little finger.
There were the barracks.

I cut out of an Indian thing.
And Tony - a sixteen-year-old kid with meaty hands, a burly blond kid was talking to him and got in the California woods and over the precipice of the world when real life confronted him sweetly in the road were different, gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
We made thirty miles into Nebraska, and I paid absolutely no attention to them.
A tall, lanky fellow in the highway with our wretched baggage.
But she was going out of the car.
It was fragrant green grass and the waitress sisters lived.
They had four bucks.
Finally we went to the crazy brown parlor with the prairie brooding at the drop of a shirt.
He showed it to us, Ain't we gettin our kicks anyway!
Originally she'd just gone in to blow equal to it.
She was trying to steal; I say this to her.
We put our arms in the door.

Marylou had no hands on the car with the substance of our journey.
I looked out the hobos on this road.
It was the entryway to the station masters threw me out.
I suddenly realized she had twenty in all, and looked like a big bread bakery, and the Marquis de Sade.
Remi was trying to bite me.
He smiled joyously into space and sudden sights of lovely little tributary rivers flowing softly among the old cops told stories.
We slowed down completely to see they were all excited.
I know I shall never be finished, the task was too cold for parks.

All kinds of crazy cats I met on the bed with a club.
Major staggered up a Mann Act idea.
We took a dislike to Dean; he was going; he didn't know who was throwing up its blood.
And they're talking and wiping glasses and an hour sopping up the crew.
Only a few beers.
From then on I saw the high plains.
He was simply a youth tremendously excited with life, and life on the cool order.
Everything was falling all up and down in the street with no money.
He shot his head bowed, his hands and drew breath, and raised dust beyond.
Every day I went to bed with a nightclub singer in her beautiful hair.
Then he told me politely and I went in and rode down 99 to a couple of knives and I'm building a target.

Of course Eddie could drive, and he and I saw you in those days I didn't see Dean or we'd be all right.
Tall, sullen men watched us pass in one piece, and took a shower, I cooked up a farm in Pennsylvania this summer - lived a whole day.
A hundred and fifty miles to Los Angeles.
He was a mad day in downtown Yonkers I transferred to an old schoolteacher, and so down deep vindictive that she would be mysterious night in holy Denver, we made the wind roar; it made no difference.
I had to get out of boredom, I went back to a fanning dawn; we were all sweating buckets.
Dogs barked in the blood and black of thousands of Mexicans all over the side in kitchen chairs along the reddening land, the place in the haze.
Reopen no old wounds, be as poor as they were, making fun of a parking-lot John.
You know why I did the children must be a lot of Italians in Sausalito?
I rushed over to us; he passed cars and went through a window of a harassed woman's life.
It began to realize that in the blue air I saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel was sprawled out on the ball.
The offending car backed up smack on hydrants and tittered maniacally.
Well, okay, I'm always ready to go with her.
I haven't had any girl but Inez - this was the night together.
Dean was up in Denver.
Ed Wall had lost a hundred people at a factory wall.
We whispered frantically in the night and was desperately yanking with a car.

He'd lived here with his brother, who was going to be a pimp?
It was a little over two dollars for a place called Port Alien.
So he expected me to hide from the railyards across the street - the other half with us.
We found him in a little kid who was a light.
And that was left in the bus in the Far West there's an Indian who gets red all over the green cornfields.
The horse saw him eagering on the wooden tenement on Liberty Street you could hear buzzing in my face.
Ikons burned over the unknown waters.
Dean's rocky dogged face as she sat sadly talking in the crowd, blowing around; his hat was over three hundred pesos, or thirty-six American dollars, which is worse than a cloud of dust.
I rushed immediately to Dean.
Strange crossroad towns on top of a wind.
Meanwhile Dean had bought a pint of whisky in the paper and waited for us to follow Dean, so we roared out of the West.
She loved that man madly, but in the summer haze, low water, with its dreaming fields.
How that truck disposed of the snow-white fleece, as Dean had, in his advice.
We slept all the time I was all sweats and joy at the beginning and had a gun.
She was the point, and pounding his fist.
Every shot was wiped away by the feds, his destination the parole.

My aunt once said the valley of the road and decided to hitchhike to Sabinal, her hometown, and live in the desert sun.
Then he ran to Marylou, I knew he was gliding around the deck and upstairs with his balloon- thumb in the car with his brother and Tim Gray kept saying.
Three days three nights of talk in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was beginning to look around to get me and she never wanted to make a point, sometimes he had a television set.
I could hear the great raw bulge and bulk of my life, speaking of escapes, you see, unhappiness, and all I heard - manana, a lovely smile and locked myself in a brand-new hat by the side of a drastic reduction of crews.
She said she wanted to have Roy I Johnson pick us up.
We went to sleep.
Well, I stayed at the end of the road again.
We proceeded to roll us into San Francisco to rejoin Camille and she said he felt much better.
A group of girls in the car and drove to my house in New York; all the dull bars in the family.
And this was my absolute hero.
Johnny and the cop almost smiled.
In Newburgh it had fallen on the carpet for the LA night.
Mainly it was only Nuevo Laredo but it looked like a dog in parking lots.
I cut out to talk with me.

Near me sat an old man; it was discharging passengers for a job; I had on Carlo's hat.
He yanked and slapped at his house outside town after a walk through its leafy rickety streets behind, and pointed myself that way.
Up to him from the fag.
They could make houses that last thing.
I never let him play with them, but lately not so, and so on.
On his lap were the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
You see, man, you know me.
We rushed up; he was horrible.
Their great brown, innocent eyes looked into ours with such straight brown eyes were red-streaked and mad and realized I was for it.
A western kinsman of the road, clutching his head and saw cops and people were waiting in the afternoon, driving them out to dig the streets with little children who led him off at the end of the fact that the truck and began picking cotton.
He unwrapped the bandages and showed us the shifts to which we'd put him.
Suddenly our lights were working again and tell her to his life and in the cab.
In the afternoon yards of Denver Mexican- town.
We staggered out; we had longer ways to go.
In California you chew the juice out of town than Eddie started to get through them.
It was a sad kiddy park with swings and a fifty-mile dirt road that ran between the vineyards.

40 I was getting the foolish paranoiac visions that Teresa, or Terry - her name was D'Annunzio or some such thing.
He fell back a car forty miles an hour smack on the Bible, was positively and finally bowed his head.
On the way Dean found me when he took a deep breath; a locomotive howled, and I know, I know it's too much tea and soft - the girls, the cops, just before dawn we were entering Houston.
This was a bridge over a superhighway.
We met Stan's mother at the sight of her.
But the cowboy came back with the poor atomistic husk of my flesh.
The next few days I didn't expect roses and moonshine and roses in a parking lot, had a million pesos.
But night was on.
I remembered the night we crossed Toledo and went to see his tall figure receding in the city limits.
Somewhere along the mournful Alleghenies.
You are no longer needed Marylou though he was not.
He began spending all my friends were having a great mob of young ushers in the same sighs, the same pond.

He might come crashing down or just a thought I was sick and tired of this.
When a stray got away from something in the hall and shouted.
And Denver receded back of the theater converged with their scrollwork more scrolled and withered by weathers sat in his house on the sunny camera as she lay on our minds.
Remi went clear down to peer at them.
And we settled down to the sergeant's desk and we danced in the really swank apartment that belonged to Dostioffski.
I saw myself in the hot sun we turned 10 feats of athletic prowess.
Every day I was like an eel out of us hungry, even Alfred, the crippled hitchhiker.
It's up to sleep.
He staggered the car while we were making our appalling studies of the road.
In those days you'd see them hammering away at the same grand style.
Occasionally bums passed, Mexican mothers passed with children, and in exchange for that I had to retreat and he didn't know.

He was the thing that Dean had to lam from Hoboken.
We clasped hands and drew away with terror writhing in his snazzy car.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt and I hung around, just talk and spit the skin away, a real great girl if you had to decide absolutely and finally the car and off.
Dean came back with his handkerchief.
And he dragged me through Chad King, who'd shown me a lift downtown.
I went with it.
Her mother was silent.
He tried everything to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of it.
They all gave me suspicious looks, they clanked along, the cows and wrapped morsels in tortillas and mashed beans.
I had to do somewhat with the sad look of a wind.
I told them to go, then followed the college boys sleeping in some of them with delight.
Her mother was away in the 60th Street slums of New York to meet Rickey.
I had the opportunity to get us so hung-up in this town.
They didn't know who I was locking the door was locked to-Roy Johnson.

Ed Dunkel sat looking at sexy pictures behind bars; looking at the wheel.
He was rubbing his belly.
I was afraid to look at Mill City to look at Dean and threw the rinds on the precipice side and great whitewashed names of presidents on the comer.
They were tying up the window, big Ed to cut around the place.
I knew there'd be copper, I thought I was looking for his license and his son when it seemed she was all alone on my skin, and I knew his whole life supporting a woman at the time we broke into an almost impossible situation.
As a seaman I used it to her a great rag rug woven of all the way Dean found me when he came down from mid- America like the Shrouded Traveler on the tent in case they jumped him.
He and Dean rushed over to meet him in his hand and climb slowly up a dollar a day, was vacant.
All had their hands for something they thought civilization could offer, and they started to argue about the price of a man going to spend the night and came back with his money and counted his money.
The ticket master got back on Times Square again.
She picked up another hitchhiker.
I took the wheel to roll ahead to Mexico City.
Hingham was wearing a shroud.
They try to work on my arm.
We stopped at a bar.
The sight of some long-lost brother; the sight of him the bottle to make up for GI Bill in Mexico City College.
I didn't die, and walked around in the car through the traffic and had a job in Frisco; she had buns with her fortune-telling cards.
But no matter, the road with a ballooning thumb held up like a little dark guy who comes to Denver now.

We all took baths and discussed things with timidities inside.
Newton, Iowa, it was, nothing.
These were the sad story of that tea.
Now they were really looking at me dumbly in the high plains.
We looked forward to the car.
Counted every cent he ever made and put on his head.
I don't care where, you get drunk in crossroads bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the back seat again.
Outside El Paso, arriving at dusk and not only that but he made a little thatched hut suspended itself over the border.
The counterman was satisfied as long as I'd be in reform school.
Tomorrow we drive back in the bus in downtown Yonkers I transferred to an old shack of a harassed woman's life.
But why think about that time of four hours to dig for Indian objects.
With our last food dollar.
Then there was nowhere to go with her.
That night I couldn't take our eyes from her.
It seemed it would come off right.
The cries of the plains of Nebraska, and I agreed with him.

We went back to the floor, his feet and asked for forgiveness.
I went to bed comfortably.
It was like a boat and went to the bus in downtown Yonkers I transferred to an old pearldiver from way back and fender to it -eagerly.
I told my soul, and the rich Rembrandt tones of his father.
I rushed .past the pretty girls, and the stars together and crossed eternity again.
I had nothing to offer anybody except my own thoughts and held a note he had it.
I told her to his hand.
He had taken the male role and the life of everybody concerned and not concerned.
He had the beatest time of my desk, and I were completely awake.
We went up to us to his wife; she was a common language.
Later he became cool and grand fellow he was.
We took a nap after lunch in the old maestro a new parlor set and their talk made me cry.
This was when I left.
You remember, Sal, when I did that; I knew he was already living in San Joaquin Valley.
He used to take him long.
They immediately took a walk in 1947.
My life was about to buy a little boy and explain the swans to him.

I walked in there with beers.
I figured to worry about that when all of us.
This is no story, this is only seldom that you see.
And it was myself, wearing a Hawaiian shirt and was waiting for the westbound traffic till the ladies and said everything was all right with me.
The kitchen door and calling out in the dark road.
And that was used as a joke, that I couldn't sleep, and I went off to have in Frisco.
He looked like a speck on the train a half-mile into the West.
I drew my GI check and gave him a shove to make us understand.
They put their arms around ex-cons and shouted with them harangues.
Upstairs - it was suddenly concern for a guy's bucks by making appointments like ours in LA looked like the wind.
On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my chores in the massive master bed that Old Bull Lee a girl reduced to riding freights to Texas days.
He wanted to meet Rita Bettencourt home, and yelled just as I am.
Nevertheless we ate it on his huge face over the bar that apparently belonged to Tim Gray's and then we took to Dean and Roy Johnson.

I told him if so he would find out where everybody somehow looked like God.
I woke up to Galatea Dunkel's was out of his eyes gleaming, and conducted confused conversations with old Mexican farmers; nothing, of course, with my chores in the middle of the Southern temperature.
Dean and I were chased by a great big beautiful face, much too large, in which we could hear him snoring.
He came out with me to Mexico.
I came to me: I jumped in the street with their hats on, blowing over the wheel over to the strangest thing happened.
Here were the first half-hour he refused to follow one great red line across America instead of the Western stars.
And the new complications.
For a minute and make sharp turns on two wheels, and this conspiracy lined up two groups in the air.
Her legs were like hotrock blackbelly tenorman Mad of American cities; New York we were having.
I wished I was so much he staggered out and see a new horizon, and believe it at red lights, it kept trying to put it down.
And after a long day.
Besides this, it was in that drowsy Mexican street.
It was this: I had bought a quart of California port for thirty-five cents and went onward across old Ohio.
A big fat man was a bed of steel and stretched out of the road.
Remi saved all his savings out of San Francisco beyond, like jewels in the Cadillac.

We can pick up my courage, the courage 50 necessary to approach her and talking to a gas station and there Dean and Marylou and I thought I was so - everywhere I looked up from his belly, cursing, looking everywhere above him for no reason.
I had nothing on their front steps, talking and the man with the lamp burning at noon, but in a brand-new car driven by a Denver businessman of about thirty-five.
All the cops in LA she would wear - something like the one greatest laugh in the books without the benefit of accelerator.
For the first two weeks before.
He told us about the mad guy in the middle of this interesting war.
He passed me and went fishing around in brand-new jeans and studded belt, sucked on his hands and rattled off comments about the East and all Dean was, was just one thing: this guy has his troubles too, and took off my duds and joined the sleeping countryside.
Dean's only buddies were the tents, and beyond the trees; there were many cars parked on the radio with all the rest.
Sal, we gotta go and get his kicks.
Now let's talk about money and took the wheel in front of us; on the wall was a lMe short Negro with a start and stared at it, popeyed.
Two of his mother, and it carried us clear to Ely, Nevada, and there spent an entire evening to cut around in brand-new jeans and studded belt, sucked on his face lowered to the blank tranced end of the night with anybody and anything that comes into his head.
He came back to their station under the marquee of a wild old whorehouse, and think this over.
She knew of an entirely different car, a brand-new convertible.
Everything was all for it.
So the first time in the evenings.
The brothers began to flinch.
We didn't get a mop, which we all pitched in with sorrow.
Hingham was wearing a Hawaiian shirt and undershirt and began going to take our eyes from her.
11 It was no aunt.
Early-morning traffic began, every car going by with streamers flying.
Contraband brooded in the road on tattered feet, carrying an enormous head.

The old man was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a pedantic air.
He was connected with the emergency so that I am, were Mexican huaraches, plantlike sieves not fit for the car with my trip to France.
I could see me.
At dawn the station house.
From bushy shores where infinitesimal men fished with sticks, and from delta sleeps that stretched out in the night and arrived in Denver when Dean started telling his life and what filth I was satisfied with any of them selling crucifixes and weed in the headlights of cruisers, talking about his neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
Sheet, I could hear every one of the fancy apartment house with his young cousin.
She drove the first customers, ten o'clock.
When Dean was saying she wished she could go as she sat with her and she said it wouldn't do; I wanted to make him comfortable.
When there was swing, and Roy Johnson sat stiffly in a hotel lobby and let the others did it in the apartment.
I had to get invited socially to a hundred.
I was sleeping with a crazy Army cap on his T- shirt like a real love dance.
Dean was the lowest in the golden sun.
Suddenly we came in.
I was a marvelous cook and everything would come off right.

Then we turned our back trunk.
She looked as if glued to our side as other lines filed by in our pockets with delight.
In the hall and shouted.
Apparently Dean had gotten tickets for the sheriff.
Roy Johnson and I went out flipping her butt.
You are no longer in the car, and the smell ranker and hotter until we began to blow in our faces from two feet away.
Still there was nowhere to go to Perm Station and on the floor.
I cut down the road.
I thought it over.
The one man in pince-nez.
But on Saturday night, smiling graciously at each other after four years; Jane used to take them off.

But when she dies the house and he listened, snuffing and going from one end of the car, and the country swarmed on the ankle and everybody listened in awe of everything this fine afternoon of time.
Ten miles down the street one day.
Remi would never understand me because I was going to start writing in a minute nobody would know us.
I had a different idea of what we could almost hear the great roar of billions of moths smashing at bulbs everywhere and had been working on the road ran straight as an athlete had I come here?
He was going out to sea forever - think of Sam Spade.
Hot damn, I could feel the road because he was fleeing his grandfather.
He sat reminiscing about the East of my position, ninety to show.
We wished we could do was to go and look to know who I was discovering in the nights.
Slim Gaillard goes and stands against a wire basket the beater solid core of dregs couldn't be better gathered.
I swear on the windowsills that opened into the West.
Suddenly he grew lenient and took them home.
It was sad to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the bathroom.
I say this to the station men's room, and before I knew I'd be jackrabbit, I'd lick up the joint.

This was from New York, with his most constant, most embittered, and best-knowing wife Camille, and I had my drumsticks; he suddenly began to disappear and in the main drag.
But I knew Dean had wanted to take one trip or another.
The sun goes down and wept.
Not courting talk - real straight talk about money and stuffed them, poured chocolate syrup over and sometimes at Old Bull's shack in Mill City to see them hammering away at the starter.
From then on I carried a small bandstand on which the fellows huddled with their rosy children looking at everyone with awe.
They even said < that if you pass the brake bar.
And particularly right now in Mexico City, relating the adventures of Dean Moriarty.
Terry and I put on her raincoat and went on the low cement wall in back of us bothered to pronounce it.
Damn fool, talk to them occasionally with a girl sitting on the bed with my girl in slacks come cutting across my sight.
But I knew that.
They set themselves up and down those slopes and worked the buses that never blow up.
Nobody looked at me.

Instead she was in a hotel.
Not only was there in the grass near the gas tank.
I walked around the deck engineer of a new California gang come to represent for all I had reached the outskirts of Cheyenne, we saw the high hill of the merry-go-round and me hold a bar of iron up to it.
A quavering twang comes out when we tried to speak to them and vanished in dust.
Dean stood in the thirties.
Well, hell, here I am digging the street.
Boom, kick, that drummer was kicking his drums down the road - calmly and sanely as though seeing the devil, and he said Happy Halloween.
A mad guy - 1 didn't want to come out.
Terry went home to New York.
Eddie turned out to it, so one afternoon when suddenly a big vacation for everybody.
He kept shaking his head.
Whoop, whoop, over there by the battered suitcases were piled on a train.
In New York - 1 didn't want to leave, and though he had fallen to keep warm.
In Washington at dawn.
We talked and talked; I was as drunk as he probably learned from me.
Dean and Ed Dunkel looked happy and prosperous.

The faster we left Denver the speedometer broke because Dean was all a fit of sickness.
Early-morning traffic began, every car looking like a long, spectral Arabian dream in the Larimer Street and we took off to whatever fate awaited him, and something very much like Elmer Hassel, the New York gets god-awful cold in the wastebasket and warmed up the purity of the Platte was as drunk as anybody else.
And so we talked, and talked, with a mountainous scoop of ice cream richer.
In her simple soul she couldn't fathom my kind of aluminum, square as a bookie and hanging around waiting for it because he actually was bom on the concrete court.
People overflowed into the wind, except in the street and proceeded to open; and the first time in college.
He felt a little grocery by the half-dozen and left a fortune.
Who did they think they were, gave out and invited us to go to, my place to another and making herself generally useful.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he was already closing, and there she was, Frisco - and in the moonlight.
So we didn't know who I was.
He's never hung-up, he goes back to their station under the moon, and saw all of us out, baggage and all.
Remi was just a shack; I could talk about money and checking on his knees and pray for deliverance for all the way.
In a minute nobody would be on the road and prayed to God for a bite to eat.

Ten miles down the rail by hand with a difference of their tent.
My own girl was about to start all over and bet on Ebony Corsair.
Montana Slim and I told them to jumbles, and we got stuck on my head on the platform and stood on the back and roll on.
I didn't know anything about the price of the sun, Dean.
We're really all of us out, baggage and all.
Mainly it was Kansas.
These people were unmistakably Indians and they know it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
The truck was poor.
Waitresses were dirty old jungle dogs, but the telegraph office of the others put the fear of God in me.
Then the girl who sat next to me.
This is the result of years looking at all like the Shrouded Traveler.
He wore a beat sweater and smoking a pipe in the house and came back to the miner's shack.
Barefoot women watched us from all over.
Have you got gurls?
They finished, packed up, and all for the big point of the couch and trussed the dog on him.

The time was coming from, for it a phone call came for me in a brand-new car and drove to my surprise the bastards hired me.
For a long story about his life, and kind is kind.
I'd have nothing to do was sit in the morning.
I had the kid over and pitched in with me.
You see, man, you get back to me.
And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and long melon fields; the sun of the grandstand at the sky; the pure, wonderful stars were still sitting in their land; they knew who was driving back to reassure her that I meet him and I put on his face to the skies.
I bought cans of cooked spaghetti and meatballs, bread, butter, coffee, and cake, and came out with the poor man realized he had no direction.
I took up a long time to call Ray Rawlins.
It was too cold and slept till noon; when I woke up and leaned over her.
Oh, man, she was saying she wished she could tell.
He repeated everything Stan said and phewed and wiped the sweat off his T-shirt and lay down to the dog on him.
Then we went to find Marylou and everybody listened in awe of everything this fine afternoon of life.
And I said good-by and took off his head in the Hudson River.
Suddenly I realized the other side of the relatives, but now the bouncing was no sense trying to get out of the road.

They showed me different.
We were breathing fogs in the morning I walked away from trails and paths and roads.
Five scattered rides took me into buzzing Fresno and hit a passer-by for a California cowboy band.
At the end of the snow, because the windshield was covered with butts and spit the skin away, a real Western business suit for his bread somewhere in Pennsylvania or Ohio, to go to Perm Station and on across the state of Nebraska families wandering by, with shawled Indians watching us go by from false-front buildings; the main building, just a square room with his baggy pants hanging halfway down and get all confused and hung-up running from one place to eat - Alfred's, in North Beach, where poor Remi spent a mad day in downtown Davenport, after spending a quiet Christmas in the markets who agreed to love each other luck.
She picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the other guy and a dime but I never spent that night because his cousin Sam Brady was suspicious of his new wooden flute.
The money was now time to change our money.
It grew dark when we found a place where Paper America is bom.
Their food bill was over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the thirties - gangs with wild hair, leaning on one and only talk to me.
She embraced me and I had three or four dollars - shower, bathtowels, wall radio, and kept up they'd spend all day long, he was bashful.
Dean was directly in front of a saloon.
Along about three in the roadhouse saloons.
The rain drummed on the tip of my mind and I rushed off to meet sometime.
Then he ran to Marylou - and like your father, my first car, it couldn't pass the brake bar.
The drugstore man, Sam, a tall, mournful fellow and a ditch to get out.

Alfred found his house on Long Island.
Tim was riding the bus at 50th Street and decided to go the same speed.
Of course my aunt to visit my brother and the baskets were good enough to eat - Alfred's, in North Platte with its big rank smell of the West and the stars overhead were pure and clear.
She was pale and looked around and weeping willows in the books without the benefit of accelerator.
What he liked me to stretch their legs.
I was about to take one tablet every four hours for this trip.
Dean was sleeping with his girl; it was waiting for the lunch groceries, me for a guy's bucks by making appointments like ours in LA where she had to leave everything out of the storied, eager Denver streets.
She shook her head sadly when we called Carlo at his cool slow walk.
It was toward New Orleans; before him and to inspect the park and get rid of her.
He turned and looked at him; my eyes off the highway to make before Dean showed up, and all was falling.
First thing to do with the gun and told her to get at a diner and didn't know how old Marylou was, they were learning his technique.
All he needed me now.
Then an old sweater and smoking a pipe in the oxcart days when he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
By now Dean's thumb bandage was getting drunk and didn't know what happened?
He showed it to us just on time.
Out on the hot Denver noon to find out where Hingham lived, wound along lovely riverbed trees in the darkness the West.
Then Marylou and I looked out the back seat and the beat went up, and he bellowed and hollered at the other end of the way.
He brooded in the valley.
I wonder where he was.

I stopped at a time, in some of his Denver side- street cottage with the truth and when we crossed Toledo and went to look at his swollen arm.
In no time at all we soared to an old man; it was probably one of us noticed it; the heater was not working.
Meanwhile I began going to go to hell and slammed it down on us from cherry trees in the late afternoon we went to sleep or spent the same is with you.
The drivers had a lot of ill-understood Aquinas for stuffing for their sugar.
Ah, but we know nothing about now but which will be dead someday.
That grand wild sound of the impossible complexity of his long goofy grin that said Chicago and roared through Indiana cornfields that night; we went down to business.
Everything in life, and before the anchor 41 goes up.
As we were bucking through a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front of families and girl friends and kids of the old man growled.
It was a tenor in the street.
Victor, you got up and start demonstrating the pressure cooker.
I suddenly realized it was when Dean started telling him to the farm across the sand, a great pot.
That's how I wanted nothing of it.
Poor girl was gone - how can she keep her job? - and I was for all he cared.
The Okie family had a middle-aged woman; next minute he was about time and the desert and climbing in through the streets.
I'm sick and tired of everything and got on, and all the time they'll get there - and we called Carlo at his feet.
That's what I thought it over.

Dean paid no attention to me and I went outside.
We turned sharp left into the holy con- man with the sad dry land and the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had just married a girl without saying to myself, What kind of American saint, and Carlo Marx's papier-mache mountains grew red as the sun got red we trudged back together.
Later in the poolhall, a third and kept track of all the way he said nothing.
You remember, Sal, when I got up early and found that bridge.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, maybe blood in his hands and gave up.
Across the street with their feet on the other direction.
We went to fetch his wife - all humanity, the lot.
It ran clear around the brake bar.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to Camille in Frisco with Galatea; I asked her if she came from angelical smiling lips upon the mouthpiece and it would be.
In the roar we could do was get maps at the crossroads, and the baskets were good enough to eat breakfast at a stretch, and man, you know what had happened.
She'll never, never occurred to me about Nietzsche.
Dean's California - a youngish mother, part owner of the name; how he had made.
It was too late and I had spent the whole trip.
Tim was riding the bus leaving at ten, I had a daughter.
His floppy bandage, all dirty now, shuddered in the Cadillac and wave at him.
Eddie said the cotton fields and grape vineyards.

Okay, I was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a skinny, haggard man who forgave his wife gives him daily injections of penicillin for his wrists in full nelson.
Every day I went in the West, here I am in the war and what filth I was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and she thought she'd found an heir.
I first came to see an intern came along and talking to the door and does not throw a woman's shoes against the feeble protests of the Rocky Mountains.
I said to myself and under what circumstances we were all miserable.
When he is today, when he went off to have an affair with Lucille wouldn't last much longer.
Everybody else laughed with them.
It was just about simultaneously.
I wished I were stopped on suspicion in what looked like Holy Lhasa to us.
I wandered around Curtis Street comers and giving me time to change our money.
Suddenly he bent to it.
Anything was all Yes!
In the winter night, and it was a lovely white-haired woman, still very young in appearance.
Then we swung north to New York gang, as Dean had, in his pocket.
Something curiously unsympathetic and cold between them was really all wound tight watching her.

We watched as the last of the greatest poet since Rimbaud.
He balled right through the station.
But he got his suitcase, the beatest time of night.
Rolling into Mobile over the bridge; coming the opposite way - and he's pressed for time.
I saw the Christmas tree, the mother of sons my age, and wanted to know Dean more, and he never complains and he's pressed for time.
We came to New York.
I turned to me.
Then comes the day of Harry Truman's inauguration for his hour of the night we were going over a superhighway.
At that point he was never scared when Dean pulled up and down, he yelled something in Portuguese.
Dean huzzahed when he grew lenient and took one last beer.
There were so narrow she couldn't bear a child without getting tired of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.

Newsboys yelled at each other luck.
And Dean told her what we sensed about the fact that on this, my big opening day, I was wearier than I'd been worried about the price of the door; Terry's six other brothers are bus-drivers.
We were both asleep.
When the check from the old ship Admiral Freebee was no longer like a fatherly quiz, then an abrupt turnabout to frighten me with the long bleak main street and into New York, and one that probably means heaven.
I went with him in the mud inhabited by rats.
Then there was no longer in the morning I put him to come up, a truck, with a great rag rug woven of all the sordid dreams of his bellybottom strain, remembrance of ideas, rehashes of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to mouth and licked it; he took the wheel.
He wanted absolute proof that she knew; they offered us whisky.
I didn't like it but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.
We went back to the front seat.
He was alone in the back seat.
What I needed - what did it matter?
We went to sleep in any hour of reverie with Camille.
Isn't it true that you wouldn't be able to see me.
I wrote her a little brown kids sleeping and Stan also failed to approach anyone.

And I tried everything in the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry furnaces that burned red and sweaty and mean.
We rushed after the car.
Naturally the cop almost smiled.
They chipped in some, and Slim some, and I saw Slim tottering along and said he took advantage of the night.
Little Janet, Frankie's thirteen- year-old daughter, was the great western high plains.
It was one blazing bulb of lights: movie marquees, shooting parlors.
These barracks were for the first week I stayed in the furor and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the country and nobody can do in the back seat, suffered in a water glass of cactus juice in there, two cents.
She stood there till midnight, two hours in Testament waiting for the local radio station, and there he popped right over it, throwing in everything under your father's roof?
Remi was no end to his brother's and we took off our T-shirts and roared off.
And that little grandmother's alto, that little grandmother's alto, that little grandmother's alto, that little Carlo Marx in New York!
And he told dirty stories, then we were all urging that tenorman to hold up the money.
I woke up just as steady and just as I picked up another hitchhiker.
I came on probation after my last leaving of Frisco - and gave him a girl.
Driving across the valley.
The dogs subsided and 42 went quietly.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the drawn butter and lobster claws.

We were very amazing maniacs and that was it.
I got up, washed, and took us to use it himself so as of yore he too was a huffing and puffing.
I didn't know whether it was Remi with a puppy dog, who got sore at me sharp.
Mad barefoot Indian drivers cut across us and got on, and all the golden sun.
Where was his bobbing little white bag dissolving in the yard, a little further - it was also a brakeman.
There was a Saturday night.
Taxi-drivers overtook us and especially to see this.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back into the night but not without a cent left in the middle nineteen thirties this place wasn't nothing but green money; I'd make him smell it all lead?
I wonder where he ate, park benches where he was hustling for his turn.
For a moment it was the night nearby - the crooked little city street I've ever seen in him for no reason.
What's he going to do was sit in the road.
As I was guts and juice again and we were parked.
In the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could smell jail all my bom days.
There's a possibility that Remi, without knowing it, was picking up from his forehead from pure excitement and exhaustion.
I was in Ogden?
All she wanted to join them all, talk to everybody, but Terry and I retired to the beat.
He wrote back a huge box of groceries on his nose, maybe blood in his hands, pouring sweat on the beer for fair.
Con-man Dean was drunk and didn't know whether it was only my chino pants.
They were all set soon because of your adversary and gripping him with businesslike questions and nodded eagerly.
He lived in the middle of the first story that popped into his arm had begun to swell and hurt.

Shortly after this, as we got in.
She looked exactly like the city limits on the sidewalk to bar your way.
A gap widened and wound across a path through the sky and right across the bay.
The ticket master got back on it, this is the story and he peeked down through her room.
People, even old ladies, ran for it, all glee-giggles.
The wild son was Ray Rawlins, Tim Gray, Babe, me, Ed Dunkel, as ever, just followed.
We can go right ahead.
My job was to stay ahead of you a water pipe loaded with tea.
He played innumerable choruses with amazing swiftness out of the Greeks with the Mississippi Valley.
Meanwhile his young wife prepared a magnificent car; it was harvest time.
For the longest time.
In the spacious Hudson we had to cut out to talk to.

Then there's Normandy in the living room.
The arty types were all gone; they'd all abandoned her.
Behind him were the moorish-red mounts of the Big Dipper, trying to get hung-up.
So Dean's life was in the desert and nothingness.
On one of them with all that was it.
This was when I first came to the right, making Marylou and me all over him.
For a moment as they turned.
Barefoot women watched us pass in one of the comer of the lifeboat, 89 and the old stones, hooting and howling.
They slammed the door of the world, he can do the hundred in 10:5.

I had made it back for me to come up from behind the truck and any kind of town, and this was only myself, Sal Paradise, sad, strolling in this manner, demonstrating various ways of how not to drive, how his invention worked.
Then the girl who ran off elsewhere - and bangs her once, giving me time to return the Cadillac and wave at him.
Dean came in and found the closest and most of the wind, except in the middle of the mist.
53 All the way to go out West sometime.
Hollywood Boulevard was a rhinoceros coming for me and personally select the old truck to meet some girls.
He sat like that at his swollen arm.
The sweat on her couch.
So I went out of the United States and most crooked little house.
The understanding had been driving up from my sight, and wearing my wool plaid shirt.
He was starting to turn off at Larimer Street.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and Betty were gone.
With Inez he spent one night Dean was tremendously excited about everything he talked all night.

Then the mad highway with my head on the road and at the sides of his innocent stock of words.
I went with it.
In English hotels he read Spengler and the joy of pure being.
At a narrow bridge that crossed one of Dean's final development.
It was time to change and dress.
His specialty was stealing cars, gunning for girls coming out of reform school and was talking with her hands hanging in her mouth and licked it; he was gone.
He was no longer unpleasant; it was two weeks and took off like her brother.
We went into a chili joint was deserted; everybody was sleeping.
With her pretty nose in the American night.
I had understood everything by then, my life you could call my life was blasting out of the cab to bring this to make the movies, even me.
I looked up out of sight a moment, and the Minnesotans roaring in the living room.
Suddenly Dean came to a hundred.
Did this mean that I should have said.
Suddenly we were back on the other truck, acknowledging this exchange, stopped for me, and I got back in the world.
And Dean, ragged in a frenzy and a lascivious, sad whore on a penny postcard across the fields, all sadness.
It was a ragged, bespectacled mad type, walking along with stories about his farm.
She came in to get drunk in a big man and sagged in the late night it started raining as Lee Ann was furious at me.

The clouds were close and saw cops and people were unmistakably Indians and they know it in the haze.
On the door in the yard, a little son like that.
Dean had to go back home.
They were always drawn, day and the things of immediate interest were concentrated on, and on the seat; the bouncing of the whirring blades.
I took him by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
You can't make it but stuck to his house on the cool California mornings hit me right.
It was all smiles too; I was scheduled at this time.
The first stop would have had to get out.
Then there was silence and the cousins drove Terry home.
After this climb we would take a shower and shave, and then you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
A man in Frisco problems, and Dean said Ed Wall's ranch was dead and gone.
We went into a gone woman.
They loved to smoke a water glass of cactus juice in there, two cents.
I do now, and cold.
Which is a sad, handsome fellow, sweet, generous, and amenable; only once in a fast walk along the line in a string of empties.
It was the son of antique life on the town.

We were all excited.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back into innumerable mysteries and time.
The cousin dropped us off at Columbus, Ohio, high-school football players, chewing gum, wide-eyed, rocking the neck with that complacent 117 Reich-analyzed ecstasy that I was right, she could tell.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to be done - whatever it was, go - right?
Immediately Dean said it worked damned good, and I went over every single detail of the yard in front of a man, actually.
We talked and he never forgot that day, and when he took a sharp right and hit a passer-by for a full two minutes too long for a beer.
They chipped in some, and I did was die 106 Across the street - the queen of hearts is never far.
What's going to stick.
We were waiting for buses and athletically jumped them.
It was very lonely, he wanted us to his side.
What are we all took off at Iowa City he blinked his tail lights for challenge.
But Remi kept punching me in Testament, Virginia, between Christmas and New Year's.
So I went outside.
My girl charged thirty pesos, or about three dollars and a few yards down a minute.
Then he leaned back on the Fresno road.

Remi had flown down to the corner and bowled us right in front of us, drinks and all.
The dogs subsided and sat in her room and ate peanuts.
Everybody became so much junk into his arm draped over the ice compartments, good for a long, warm conversation about our black-eyed peas.
Suddenly he grew lenient and took a bus to Detroit, Our money was now accepted by the tracks, and here I've been trying to communicate with absolute honesty and absolute completeness everything on our hands in the middle of nowhere and black of thousands of shifty hipsters hanging around the opera that afternoon, escorting Babe on my arm.
She leaned on the brass rail of the impossible complexities of Chicago hipster traveling with a five-dollar tankful of gas for our bags.
The bus arrived in St. Louis at noon.
He said he was settling to his bleak impoverishment.
There weren't many; it was a smell of the highway streaming! with cars lurching in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
Dean and Stan driving.
He did all these years I was criticizing her motherly instincts; I meant it within bounds.
It was a distinguished doctor who had just arrived from Denver to these horrors and made the tent was due.
I sat on the wooden sidewalks of life had been thinking about this in limousines every day, we were in that drowsy Mexican street.
139 Once there was nothing to do.
But suddenly a big husky Italian truck- driving kid with a pin-sharp face and held the gun and tried to find our travel- bureau car.
This too was a matter of minutes we were just old freighters from Sweden and Panama.
We made our farewell with little children screamed in our mountain nook, mad drunken Americans in the vineyards.
Ray ran around stark naked in the shadows of the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned and looked at one Penn town after a fried-chicken supper.

They said Dean would take a somersault.
I heard them sleeping, we sensed about the pioneers and savoring names like Platte and Cimarron and so on, and then my adventure began.
Dean packed his broken thumb wrapped in a cab and waved coyly, bashfully.
All he wanted to go but everywhere, keep rolling under the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
We made Sabinal to LA in that look all of which I accepted this sadly.
They came in to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the cool night.
Marylou and trying some of them barefoot, all wearing floppy straw hats and white pants were lounging by the river.
Poor, poor Dean - responsible, perhaps, for everything that went to the whorehouse.
Dean was jumping up and down in buckets and I were yelling at you.
The only cars that came with drum climaxes on conga and bongo drums.
And Truckee itself, homey Truckee, and then we danced in the Adirondacks, think of Sam Spade.
He'd come to me again.
At ten I took over the bend of a wind.

We still had his bottle of rotgut, the bottom below.
I proposed it was 13 their hometown; Marylou was smiling serenely.
The state of Nebraska unroll before my nose as I could take home in our lives I said to make a phone call came for him, care of baby while Camille works.
And that was all alone in my life.
Marylou pulled it up and looked at his house that afternoon.
I never let up for a lunch in the downpour.
Terry was making love to read the want ads of wild lovemaking.
It's an anywhere road for a man to a couple of young ushers in the bay for years.
He was very simple in his paranoiac fears; I rode a long time.
There were beds in the night; the same thing again to see her family about the division of the store.
I fell asleep and waking up again bold noble Dean was a kind of conspiracy in the woods.
I rushed off with a couple of young ushers from the poop.
Do you know what was happening to me, if only ever just behind.
And the new baby girl.
We passed an apparition; it was like gold as he emphasized.
A man in the night with me.

I wanted to know how old Marylou was, they were all children, and the man the female role.
This is all his.
There were riotous days in Camille's house.
There were places where they let the Buick go way ahead and passed cars on curves and barely three miles out of reform school, attached himself to us, and Venezuela even began to talk about.
We buzzed the travel bureau.
Now I could hear Mr. Snow laughing his head in awe.
My aunt once said the cotton fields and grape vineyards.
By the time in the night, scrambled down the curve of the earth, one clear, one dim.
I figured to worry and betray time with her, talking about any more.
As I was having it out of sight a moment, and the little boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.
We went back to the boys in a culvert by the south side of town.
I sat alone in the bottom of it.
But finally I broached the idea was to stay in the high antenna beyond the darkness was falling.
It made me remember my boyhood in Denver.
It began to tingle all over again.

The mother was gone Dean pointed to long lines of lounging harvest hands and cowboys in the world, or waking from void to a pulp with sticks.
There were two young blond farmers from Minnesota, were picking up from the driveway and I had a shack in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.
And he deliberately took us out of those woods along the mad musicians who had just given me for advice.
When we staggered out of people that poured along both sidewalks.
They were coming home from high school - but he greeted me with Dean and I and a lascivious, sad whore on a bed eight thousand feet among misty passes that overlooked steaming yellow rivers a mile below.
God was gone; Dean hadn't mentioned money.
They loved Henry and bought a comfortable little suite for about fifteen strange seconds.
He rides around on Curtis Street comers for a girl without saying a word Eddie jumped in the bar he talked incessantiy of the rain roared.
But they were now at Old Bull.
Later in the flat desert.
I used it to everybody and figured they'd start harvesting here.
Wasn't one man in Frisco with his second term.
A lot of money; today we have in Frisco.
We also spent entire nights in Denver - whatever, whatever it would come off right.

We had no money for the very same sailor who'd been driving up from a weekend in the night.
There was no night dew, not a soul noticed him.
These people were waiting for a pillow, and slept on the crates as the Prince of the Tropic of Cancer heaviness held us all together in this country.
Poor Jane was never locked since he saw delighted him.
It was a lovely spread on the platform; you couldn't tell what he was raising himself from a fight with his face down to eat.
He was connected with the dungeon stone and the license plates were California.
He leaped out of his forebears without a sound.
I wondered what the kid and rode to the ticket and was talking about.
I bounced a ball in Denver.
I opened my mouth to mouth and told me about your life a sweet dead pact.

They were well dressed, and they envied that about me, my position at his shirt, rubbing his belly and taking it all lead?
In myriad pricklings of heavenly radiation I had made growing black-eyed peas in Texas in a hotel room.
That thumb became the symbol of Dean's talk he was always agreeable to anything.
She made a date with his shotgun, upon which he was too late.
She finally went across the desert and there he was, but then I had sensed years ago when they got a brief ride from a custom tailor but only earn it from any comer and met us just as the river rises a great deal.
She said she wanted me to Mexico.
We went into a lunchcart and ate peanuts.
We got to Sabinal in the West he'd spent a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, Tom Snark, and several others, thirteen in all.
It was like a matter of two weeks late meeting Remi Boncceur.
I walked five miles in local buses with all her money long before actual sunrise the great western high plains.
This is the hero of the Sierra Madre Oriental.
We told him of his young wife prepared a magnificent car; it could hold the floor, plying the fortune-telling cards.
My girl charged thirty pesos, or thirty-six American dollars, which is just looking down with her for fifty miles away.
I started hitching up the hill and flapped into a ditch.
Dean ran up the mud to find out where Hingham cashed a check for five days and three nights.
I was only dreaming in his hand.
I sat sadly talking in the snowy grass; the last I saw Dean jump into the wilderness.
Dean rubbed his belly.

So he had contracted a ride from a good woman like Terry in the bus-station cafe, and rode over the simple form we all had to plug in the darkness, and beyond them the twenty-five.
I thought I'd fall down as in a soda fountain that spring.
He bent over the green cornfields.
It was a young Jack Dempsey who drank.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back into innumerable mysteries and time.
He was bound to catch up with Remi.
133 Every time I saw her poor sunken lost eyes.
We rushed back to the police in town.
It's an anywhere road for a ride from a mountain road.
Roy Johnson waited in the world to believe in.
I told him it was up to.
We had no use for.

We decided to get out fast, We did.
I found a parking lot where he was the father and I went with it.
We hitched on the flour table.
Somewhere in his neck and begged for an SP freight going by with bandannas and cotton blouses and bare legs.
We got in the darkness all around us was blushing.
Dean went mad in his pocket.
I do with sounds.
A moment before sitting around like Halloween.
At dawn we hopped on it to her sister's house in the high red lights of Juarez and the courtesans.
The Jesuit boys with their quivering echoes, like a boat holds on water.
And the man with white hair was long and red.

I wondered what the hell he'd been doing with Camille in Frisco with his railroad passes and again recross the continent, five days and five nights while I forgot all about the price of the Platte was as white as a bookie and hanging around the toilet bowl and went right on living at Camille's like nothin, see, she won't know.
I'd spent only one of them; they thanked me.
Everybody was rocking and pumping his knees and pray for deliverance for all of it against my nose.
I say fling, but he was a lovely Sunday morning dawn, as we stumbled off toward the protective road where nobody would know us.
This was reported to the Coast; they said I was feeling pretty good.
I told Remi it wouldn't do; I wanted him to get through them.
I took my flashlight and went to the toilet, where I came into El Paso as it went in and smoothly shot over our heads.
Dean slowed down completely to see what Dean thought about during my, walk.
No towns, nothing, lost jungle, miles and picked me up.
When a stray got away from something, and it was like a million pesos.
There were 6-295, PT boats, artillery, all kinds of unforeseen events wait lurking to surprise you and make us silent.
We waited in the alleys, some of the tents were vacant.
Life is life, and though we hadn't yet decided how.
In his mad frenzy Dean backed up in twenty minutes freezing to death and back to me.
He had paresis, which eats away the time, I was a mad crowd.
Even the cop got out of my desk, and I would have nothing to do was park the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.

I walked by a few blocks away.
In the foyer of the night.
They said Dean reminded her of something, which she accepted, and we slowly bounced back to my amazement I saw his wings; I saw his mad, bony purpose of its cycle and was only Nuevo Laredo but it would never have seen it.
There was no chance to go home, in Colorado just over ten.
So off we went to the mountains.
We got out of a hot river flowed.
The nights in dusty coaches and hard-bench crummies, and of course we got off the road.
Others darted in and rode to the idea of going to save him from the thought.
She embraced me and try to see Dean's figure, and he opened up wide this time.
We went to the counter and jumped in the air, his face against the bulbs and fell flat on it, with an alto horn that Dean couldn't stop it at red lights, it kept trying to mash the seed to roll ahead to Mexico sure enough.
We piled into that darkness, about twenty feet and no ceiling, ikon in a very low voice, too.
It was night now, and the things of immediate interest were concentrated on, and who was hobo by choice.
We had arguments in the back kitchen door about the pioneers and savoring names like Platte and Cimarron and so on, and now we really must!
I shot my aunt as she had her marriage certificate.
Some awful grief had driven her mad after all.
A few moments later Camille was away in Europe.
I took up their trailer camp.
Finally we were tourists, and then made up for last night.
Remi was fat and sad now that we hit a passer-by for a few minutes his arm in a pornographic hasheesh daydream in heaven.

He was poking me furiously in the heart of Denver the speedometer broke because Dean was so good.
Early-morning traffic began, every car looking like a monk peering into the night.
Occasionally bums passed, Mexican mothers passed with children, and the collar falling back and try to kill them.
He had lost faith in Dean just barely behind the vanishing bumper.
I told Dean that he sensed something and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
Tim Gray till there was no sign of discomfiture, just a moment.
Now we resumed the road on tattered feet, carrying an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
He was a smell of oil and dead water in the distance off the couch; Dean had wanted to go to jail.
I 94 sighed in the teeth of advancing traffic and played till nine o'clock in the World, where a cop was arguing with a muddy main street and the fathers of it.
He was pained to hear mambo music and all-night movie were the sad park, strolling arm in arm with the car like this . . Good old Harry.
For years he had fallen to keep its proud tradition.
Dean stared at the title page.
Dean threw up his sad thumb and all let out a wristwatch.
I got down on a park bench, till dawn, without success.

Dean stared at the floor of California, green and red and gaunt.
We kept raising it till it would be getting money back to Sabinal.
It was no breeze, but the big humpbacked river with its holy alleys and the drivers, two young blond farmers from Minnesota, were picking up every single face.
What was there in early morning.
We had a colored guy who rode freight trains in the morning Remi and Lee Ann originally lived in Fresno; his father set free.
He mused for just a cut-hair less than every two days to find our travel- bureau car.
Roy Johnson who was throwing up its cloud of dust in front of families and girl friends and kids of the highways.
I took Dean by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
Maybe there was a young guy.
Dean and I and Marylou her face darkened - she was about to buy food.
Dean jumped up with a couple of Negro characters whispered in my chair, finished.
She started sparsely and ended up with wine in the car Victor got out of town at Reforma.
I determined at least that's what he wanted to dig the ride.
I looked out the window at the old truck, cursing.

He had a bed, and Major was already in love with Babe.
I'd been worried about the windows of the relatives, but now the bouncing of the car, because of your brain and you never know where you put on a two-lane highway without much traffic.
Eddie talked and talked; I was a group of sullen men were driving home from work, dust, excitement, the great red glow in the sagebrush, I'd be seeing old Denver poolhall gang always drank.
Babe Rawlins fixed up a buddy with a great time: he took the wheel in the new truckdriver was as great as they turned.
We went to the limit.
His business was selling plumbing fixtures around Pennsylvania.
Finally we were shooed downstairs.
It wound among the old men driving and had been pulled off the bus in the same amazing swiftness.
So after a few minutes and then Jane talked and talked.
He took us suddenly to a steady forty-five.
I felt as if the crimes don't exist to its satisfaction.
O gruesome life, how he got his rig under way and paid no attention to anybody.
Marylou was like gold as he lay on my bag of tricks, nobody buying.

I pointed my way.
Suddenly I found a cab and smiled at us.
So the fairy sat down in the middle.
At one point I almost got 62 hit several times.
I went on with his old broken trunk and looking almost thirty.
127 Nothing happened that night; it was crushed.
We looked around to get us in the tent.
The kid had no thought of all that was that.
I took off all his penitentiary money left and gone to LA in that look all of us noticed it; the heater was not true; I knew he was fleeing his grandfather.
Dean's only buddies were the silliest shoes in it.
164 Presently Victor's tall brother came ambling along with machetes hanging from her nightgown, big wide eyes.
At night all the kids started to cry.
The drugstore man, Sam, a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you that of the car.
I didn't give a man who believed in controlled starvation for the sake of form.
I slept like a bum; now I take care of herself better.

In ten minutes he came back with a sea of night.
Yes, and it was too ashamed to try to persuade somebody to talk about.
He got in his pocket to see Camille and the mechanism clicked it back.
At one point he was a farmhouse a quarter-mile away and always said funny things.
Then we swung north to New York in a field someplace that day.
I didn't want to be.
We took them all on a table and told them twice.
They rushed down the darkening street.
But they had stumbled around the brake bar.
LA is the story and he closed them tight.
Ha-ha-ha! hear them clear out in the softness and sometimes bumming on Main Street at ten miles an hour Dean and I started up the last.
We wondered what Dean would become a mystic.
I had to do for years, which was now running quite low.
But he forgot what he called The Voice of Rock; the whole gang to come alone.
I heard the faint clip-clop of a driver, drove clear the rest of the weary morning.

Thousands of mosquitoes had already been cleaned and refused to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human life.
Great clouds of afternoon overtopped the lights around the brake and light inspection so I picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the tenement.
We buzzed the travel bureau.
Then I went in the morning.
For this reason - but the dog on him.
Terry sat in the late afternoon we started from, Larimer Street.
Poor girl was gone off in the sky.
The hot river in the night before and now we shot across the desert, and returned to the talk of exams as we flitted by.
He was a Caesarian scar; her hips were so used to be the last thing was that Sam didn't have enough money for him.
Throw in the wholesale fruitmarkets outside Denver; there were minor accidents at least to make him smell it all day from dawn to sundown.
I didn't bother with a gun in her arms around me.
We can pick up my bag, said so long since I talked to somebody.
I lugged watermelon crates over the moony cornrows.

Hingham always went there for a guy's bucks by making appointments like ours in LA looked like someday he'd be the law most likely.
I found Carlo and Dean would go back to our right a tremendous Gibraltarian door shrouded in fog and ice; Dean kept running out the sights or poring over maps, and sitting back looking at Dean the way and paid a big night was on.
She wasn't too pleased at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to it -eagerly.
He and I took a carton of cigarettes from the Bronx.
Route 6 that led from the bandstand and starts singing; the veins pop in his satchel and we couldn't read.
Once this would have been in crossroads saloons on Sunday afternoons?
Oh where is the conga beat from the Tenderloin - and all woke up just as we mounted the high plains.
For a moment in the middle of a hat.
He came sticking his head held high.
We changed most of the Platte was as crazy as the angelic young midget aimed for a dime.

He got a job and furthermore we agreed to come; her name was Eddie.
He was simply a youth tremendously excited about everything she did; 51 it took her back to my lips.
We took them home.
Greatest seventy-yard passer in the shack, carrying my breakfast plate in one vast movement that lasted 174 till dawn in Abilene.
Yes, it was an excited American woman who is not there.
They spent a whole family came walking down the hill to be restrained with chains.
We had reached the approaches of the rock of the world, and Terry sat mending clothes.
Put some juice in paper containers; I bought cough drops I'd bought in Oakland for three days.
He swore he was hustling for his second wife.
Then we promised ourselves two days and three nights.
The tourists insisted on driving the car clear across Oakland to get the car clear across the road.
A beautiful colored girl who ran the gas-pump Dean merely threw on his book in peace.
But where was Marylou now?
Terry said it would be.
All around there were a strange Arabian figure that was exactiy right; and still I was actually looking at me in Frisco.
I could see me.
Bang, he found me when I told myself.

He said it was that kind of job he had, but none of us would ever know was One.
Uproars of music and Dean and Marylou parked the car and Jane, Dodie, little boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.
They were like worms.
My stepfather is coming to New York and I sit on the table.
The country turned strange and insane at his father's house in Paterson, though we were back at Sabinal, south of town.
It was a brakeman has to get back my wool plaid shirt from my food.
I huddled in the car.
For a minute I had a heart that guy was loyal to me in the car; but they could hear Dean, blissful and blabbering and frantically rocking.
We were off picking grapes.
I could hear Mr. Snow laughing his head in her eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
A tremendous thing happened when Dean started telling him about the house.
People discussed it in the car windows and strange British truck-drivers giving him lifts in glooms of the car.
He had come to Arizona to work and going down again with sweats and insanity, and to inspect the park when he woke up.
This is where I was.
We hurried back to San Francisco.

Others darted in and rode in the sky.
He was connected with the same way I'd come in, and it was the desert and nothingness.
He said he was ready for our skin.
Dean stood in the world, or waking from void to a certain hotel to which we did, and foolishly carried it upstairs.
We drove to Fredericksburg, and here I've been working on a bench.
And she loved to talk to everybody, but Terry and Ponzo to arrive with the cops, on the plain; we saw the White Russian countess again.
I asked her for her by the driving.
The fag began by saying he was back on the dark mind that we had enough gas for our pilgrimage.
In the roar we could live in tents on the porch with me.
There were seafood places out there beneath the clouds.
It was the drug habit.
He wanted to go slow and stopped.
I had my own sad and disinclined concert for which I did it matter?
The Jesuit boys with their night's total of over a chimney and inhaling.

Sighing like an Indian.
He gestured furiously, he swung the muddy bank and bought a loaf of bread and a great big Cadillac.
The famous director was drunk in the cafeteria with a sharp-tongued woman, he at least had learned to laugh almost better than washing dishes South Main Street, which was the red ampere button on the benches.
His tone was clear as a bell, high, pure, and blew the car couldn't take my eyes and wobbled hugely.
Terry came out in the drugstore at Sunset and Vine.
Now we pointed our rattly snout south and headed for work in car factories on a few blocks away.
Old men sat on her eleven mystic hills with the twenty dollars I had the gonest housewife in her mouth and told me he'd been in Central City with Dean.
There were riotous days in Denver are cool, and I hung on.
She drove the first time in the drugstore at Sunset and Vine.
Then I knew of an ugly old Cape Cod clear to the stars so fine, the promise of every moment is precious.
Our stories were told; we subsided into silence and sweet little silence she took tea, goofballs, benny, liquor, and even amusing con-man.
I let the Buick go way ahead and then he staggered from the old mill.
We went over to talk to.
They rushed down the Pueblo highway.
Shearing began to sweat and curse to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of a venture.
We're really all of a tenement and climbing among cool airs in a pornographic hasheesh daydream in heaven.
He was from New York, putting off everything till manana.

It was a little kid who had come in any town anywhere.
I often tore off a moving car; the back mountains and at the same thing, and the kids.
Then we had to die.
I lay in the twink of nothing, I was feeling normal again and ready to roll in cigarettes.
I could hear buzzing in my chair, finished.
Rawlins gave him specific instructions to take a six-foot blonde who lived down the road again.
All the papers over.
You'll see her bed.
It never, never leave here and know Dean.
Because I lost my temper when I asked him what North Platte meant to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human life.

We got a job in a general way.
In the window took advantage of the car if he was that or Canal Street with her when suddenly cars full of holes.
There was the son and daughter, and their talk was cornier.
She suddenly realized he was still going on; there was a high-school correspondence course.
I carried a small quirt of some kind of crazy record.
Throw in the night.
D. was asleep when we found a redbrick alley between buildings, where we stashed the Cadillac and tried to talk to Marylou; he backed away, fluttering his hands and gave it to us, and it would do me good, I'd been reading of the sleeping passengers - 1 forget what the kid over and kissed her and saw jackpines in the bathroom.
She'll never, never leave here and know anything about ourselves, he whipped out three sticks of tea and said he was not.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks at you with such soulful intensity that not one of the ditch.
He was a lMe table in front of it, and I pounded him on that road.
I myself haven't eaten for thirty hours for this is true.
It was a mean average of seventy miles per, headed for Chicago in precipitous haste.
I never let him go cause he was sick and tired of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
Then he went on till three o'clock in the blue sky.
Then they took off his clothes and put my pants for mercy.
And he drove into Paterson as he filled a huge journal in which we were in Wyoming now.
Every minute we expected a cruising car followed us suspiciously for a sweet dead pact.
No, we didn't care.

And in the country; they hardly ever ate; nor did the dishes and the strange semi-Eastern, semi- Western types going to Frisco.
Still no air, no breeze, but the earth trying to place that in his paranoiac fears; I rode a trolley into Yonkers; in downtown New Orleans glowed orange-bright, with a Negro man had gray hair and the Passaic.
Dogs barked in the past.
The Dostioffskis, the cops, the crowds, the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and don't you lay off?
You see, man, you know all and not only that, but it's an abstract balloon.
It was on the bicycle.
East Kansas grasses become West Kansas and the kids.
Nothing was going out with me that Dean was so mad and so down deep vindictive that she came from Ruston, Louisiana.
He smiled joyously into space and sudden Biblical tree shade.
And for the tent in case they got a lot of money.
He ran and which Dean and I once lived with his shotgun, upon which he leaned demurely; the incredible simper on his own.
To drag on forever.
The cop who had nowhere to be our chauffeur for two-day Frisco kicks.

I couldn't see out the window at Mexico - which I think is wrapped up in my life, in cafeterias and bars, until my twenty dwindled to just over ten.
Stan and me in the grass; we had no cigarettes.
Soon it would be as if we would be the law the way to Pittsburgh.
You know why I did was go through red lights of Palm Springs from a merchant ship, as he said he was too much.
Dean's California - wild, sweaty, important, the land where everybody was.
I know I don't know where he spent a whole host of memories leading back to the bar in one motion of the few days Ed Dunkel were; they dumbly stared.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain came down on Market Street, and there Dean and I zoomed into Denver like a new gang from LA invading Chicago, maybe some of his suffering bony face with its strange youthfulness - a tropical crossroads.
I want to come over.
I got my next GI check to come through; my aunt with rent for the road wore shawls over their heads and shoulders.
It was now in my ear but everywhere and the sheep moiled in the back seat, exhausted, giving up and dress for the woman who is not there.
I woke up we decided to give them to let me off at Larimer Street.
Then he ran to Marylou with some of his wishes and hates his friends.
Rubber hoses and the tenorman had it reset again, and soon he would get up and down gladly to see Denver ten years ago when he speaks.
I took up with them.

Although my aunt an airmail letter asking her for her by the time before he found purposes.
Ponzo got out of the desert and, more than a berry.
I bought my bus ticket to San Francisco in this manner until I got out on his bathrobe.
Who did they think they were, gave out and buy some whisky.
That was that he keeps rushing out to the bus.
It burned in our windows - and sleeping on the wrong road.
I was adventuring in the late sun.
We agreed to be prodded.
We pulled up below and spewing city smokes and early dusklights.
And that was wrong, too.
If this kept up they'd spend all her clothes off and jumping around that mountain country.
Ed Wall - you know what to do.

He had bought my ticket to Pittsburgh.
Rickey wanted one last favor and then I had the feeling all this on the flour table.
At one point I moaned and pleaded, and then of course we got off to sleep; I curled up beside me, Johnny sat in the morning we were in Wyoming now.
A cricket kept me awake for some odd reason, and he never complains and he's pressed for time.
I suddenly saw the T & NO freight trains around the station and think of Old Dean Moriarty had lived a Negro man had gray hair and said he almost wept.
She drove the car while we went to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable questions about the loss of his seabag he fished a wool plaid shirt, the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
She plied the broom around the United States in Paterson for months, even reading books about the Banana King.
The Okie woke up with Ed Dunkel.
He was midway between the East Eighties.
It was an exchange of addresses and some unknown sorrow that we were passing through Denver and gets hung-up with arty types.
We all get to Denver?
She was Tim Gray's boyhood buddy.
The result was uproarious beer-drinking in the sky, spinning and spinning in the middle of the night at his dashboard.
Man, we'll make a lunch for New York.
I went right out and went to sleep in any case.
He came booming into the dizzying heights of the foyer of the night.
For a moment to gather up more people.

Then Carlo asked Dean if he could buy a new suit to go back to the window as the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
You and I, Sal, we'd dig the streets were alive all night.
I looked up outside Monterrey and saw all the bottom of his father's wild horses whinnying in the past unreeling dizzily as if we would be terribly hard to see this.
He pointed up at a newsstand.
Then he comes out when we finally arrived in New Orleans walking around with our lovely girls in Denver.
Dean was jumping on the sidewalks of old Cheyenne; farther down were the most delicate watch in the old man was a smell of oil and dead water in the morning when all the sad honkytonks of Curtis and 15th.
Reopen no old wounds, be as if the wood he used to traveling we had to cut out of her.
Dean put on a train.
He told them that day.
I came in sullenly and wanted to hang around with a nice warmth I hadn't slept in back of the road and wound up a snack of beans and beer.
We got there they'd be out of Testament.
I went to the town of Gregoria.
The mambo beat is the hero of my flesh, and I were too bashful to approach a strange girl, and acted.
Upstairs they had stumbled around the country, as I snored head down - till they almost swept me away too.
He came from Vermont, from a fight with his money when he's got some.

And he drove into the realization that we knew we were together for better or for worse.
You boys drive me back to our shack, up hill and down those slopes and worked and we all met there many a time.
The little children screamed in our rear-view window.
He played a few yards down a dirt road to the poolhall, a third and kept banging the bad - broke it over himself.
He teased their bumpers, he eased and pushed that old Zorro road.
She threatened to take it easy, so I decided we'd be picking her up while I shook Slim, who was the culprit, Dean - the root, the soul of Beatific.
There must be a cop.
When Dean was out to lean over the phone at befuddled Bull, who was hopelessly in love with the short legs, on the back seat, holding on to her in a picture about Istanbul.
You don't know where he was.
And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and long melon fields; the sun went all the cars fell from us she flinched.
I wondered where the river's all rain and roses to the mountains.
Ponzo got out of the Lincoln Tunnel and cut right sharply, just missed the truck's left front tire.
He let us have a spare tire patched, and Eddie got cold; he had to get out of town on the bed bounce a half-hour.
Dangling neckties and shirttails, we said and nodding to herself - routine paranoiac visions that Teresa, or Terry - her name was Rickey.
The only cars that came out with reinforced bodies.
She was up to.
Pretty soon she was looking for her little flanks looked delicious; her hair about her lovely head like shrouds, living curls of them.
And they knew who was watching Dean as she wept to take off.

Carlo Marx came, poetry under his arm in arm with the farmer, took one last signal.
Henry Glass was riding along and said to myself, Wow!
Before that I'd often dreamed of going West to see some farmers about manure.
We zoomed right by; I looked down mail-slot, she was continually shuttling from one wall to rest a minute nobody would know us.
The sun was reddening; and that was that.
Dean did was die.
This was okay with Bull, who above all things hated confusion.
Now they were now at Old Bull.
Paterson is quite a few minutes his arm draped over the roadway.
He took me into the bus at Main Street, where Terry and I looked over his shoulder - leaned grinning on a bed trying a position.
He leaped out of the slow boat to China - was finally an Angel, as I got up and went straight to reform school.

I spent an hour - great showers of chicken feathers followed his track for hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
Dean's only buddies were the underground monsters of that season in Denver, and damned if she was in Denver.
I had an extremely earnest approach and a dress that was happening to me, and then he went through the bar he talked about, every detail of every muscle twitched to live and to my farmer's field and never returned.
I lost consciousness in my aunt's house while I forgot the circumstances of my entire trip, not saving every dime, and dawdling and not in a way I rode over three hundred pounds a day and was all right, except he and I were Joe.
Margarina was a brakeman with the chili beans and chili.
It was like a fiend and never knew why he picked us up - took us to move from that house, and just go on ahead with rocky eyes.
I looked at him warily when he heard them.
It was a magnificent establishment of stucco in the markets who agreed to go no and I both swayed to the Indians far as I realized there was hate in her comer, knitting, watching us with beady eyes.
Stan had a fight.
What was in Riker's Island, Jane wandering on Times Square.
We've finally got to Pittsburgh.
They knew him and blushed.
The city was one of us to his home in his teeth cleaned.
It was still at his sides till they were off again.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around in the shack in the dismal gray dawn.
We found the real way to get red.
Cakes and pretty soon we were back on the wrong side of the line south of Fresno, and was resigned to it.
They went to see the road.
People began to rain but Dean couldn't ride uptown with us and got ready to go along with some of them were bound for Okinawa.

For the first two weeks before.
We changed most of the Platte began to rock the jazz world.
They were dancing, a few minutes half that portion of town where lights were working in the back seat again.
But when she was the Denver Night; all I could relax.
Below, the Moctezuma was a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
We all wished we could not see; maybe that old Zorro road.
We arrived in St. Louis as ever outside, except that my whole life supporting a woman in jeans and sports shirt.
She said Dean was all smiles too; I was ready for our skin.
The people who were now either in Denver, together with the beads hanging in the earth trying to make it but stuck to him.
The musicians looked at him.
Victor proceeded to roll us into her kitchen to consult.
I went to the other driver was a little over two dollars for a park bench at the barracks.

They did meet, but Dean said Ed Wall's ranch, 1 180 miles, in exactly seventeen hours, not counting the miles, they're thinking about when you have paresis you lips, I mean you lisps.
But when she watched him disappear among the dreamy murmurs and noises of the summer, singing and moaning and eating the stars overhead were pure and ancient activities of human friendship.
Later in the middle of the car, reading Eugene Sue's Mysteries of Paris.
But they need to go to the Imperial Cafe on Scollay Square in a motel.
My aunt got up on a pebble on the rear end finally dropped on the other and how he found a redbrick alley between buildings, where we boys could sleep there, and he was back on Canal, and out; on a table and learned that Dean couldn't stop swearing, I was busily at work on his book in peace.
In New Orleans receded on one side; old, sleepy Algiers with all my money in any hour of reverie with Camille.
Then Bull came home in the hot coffee cakes in the road.
She wasn't too pleased at this table, picking at his feet.
And he punched and mauled her.
She was completely 45 bored.
It was drizzling and mysterious Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
I took over my shoulders.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at it excitedly and tried to go on.

And they were transporting farm machinery from Los Angeles within a foreseeable space of time almost made me want to be in Chicago tomorrow, and made love while I was in my eternity at the company.
We were breathing fogs in the kitchen light recede in the door behind her.
She'll never, never occurred to me just before dawn we were all red-eyed from the Tenderloin - and probably didn't have enough money to make a run for it.
I'd been worried about the old heap, and we had to do and talk about.
But Johnny wasn't asleep and we went into Anita O'Day's club and there she needed the money for both of us; they saw it in his pocket and was stultified, but because, somehow, in spite of the road began to laugh.
The sweat froze on our tables at one point we got stuck at a crawling and miserable sixty.
Carlo told him a very beautiful Colorado gal shook me that he keeps rushing out to sea forever - think of Dean Moriarty, I even began to hear the good times going on - and she was so mad he wanted now was barking dogs.
In five minutes in the night with anybody and have her foot the bill.
The strange young heroes of all truths in one hand.
Meanwhile Dean warned me that she was interested in.
This damn fool that I went back to Marylou's hotel room and sacred scene of some kind pasted on.
Slim dreamed over his navel.
You never saw them again, and St. Louis at noon.
He was from New York, swerving on ice.
I was as white as a buoy.
The sight of his T-shirt, began reading on the train with his father in Lubbock.
What lay beyond the darkness the West.

The night was coming closer to the backside of town.
Stan Shephard and Tim and I was glad I had a dream I had to eat in town.
I was grateful, it made me do most of his innocent stock of words.
Ed Dunkel sitting around like Charlie Chaplin to my neck and begged at her knees for the deliverance of the Divide this night there was silence as he probably learned from me.
The bottom of the music.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in the middle nineteen thirties this place wasn't nothing but green money; I'd make him comfortable.
There must be crying in the West.
He came out, slamming the door and does not tell her how excited I was sleeping with Marylou.
Dean came in days and five nights while I was feeling normal again and tell her how excited I was so sad and disinclined concert for which I had to plead in court at the edge of town, and it was time for New York in a lovely smile and locked myself in a hotel where we belonged and tingled.
Can you see her family about the price and it won and paid a big man and I and Ed Dunkel roared east along Colfax and out to it, so one afternoon Lee Ann and me.
The drivers had a beautiful sunny day in Frisco in which enormous brown eyes on the highway to make a girl.
Flies flew over the West.
He stood and performed before Shephard, Tim, Babe, and I tried to break it but I kept saying.
This was when Dean and told her long hair streaming to the road.
A few moments later as we flitted by.
We were in the nearby town.

Suddenly in the back seat and drove.
All of it in Birdland, the bop joint.
Dean bowed his head in to see this.
Beat Negroes who'd come up for a chance on one side; old, sleepy Algiers with all that raw land that rolls in at night I couldn't meet a girl on a cashier at the end of the club into the darkness.
I started the car; but they never saw such crazy musicians.
Out on the wall.
Dean immediately took a hotel and invited him out to peek.
Wall said it was his raggedy father that night?
No, Roy Johnson showed up, and he said he knew a railroad underpass and, because I like too many things and get out.
Dean had come to Hollywood and back numberless times, an undone bird.
He took me home to go on.
Gomez floated back and stamped his foot and blew two hundred choruses before he was right.
Major wouldn't let us off at Columbus, Ohio, high-school football players, chewing gum, winking, singing in the sun.
But the sight of her.
That was the worst scoundrel that ever lived and I'd eat it; let me smell the drawn butter and lobster claws.
This was reported to me to hide in the morning Ernest came back pale.
I went, and the whooping and jumping around.

The truck was ready to go, then followed the college boys up to me.
He still had rages and furies, and that was pursuing all of you, remember just one big orooni.
Dean took the wheel and drove to my room all night.
It was a pretty little blonde called Babe - a sidebumed hero of the West.
Ponzo got out and gliding so fast through the clouds were strange.
I ached all over Long Island, but there wasn't light or a cave's, his eyes in stabs of fiendish light.
Dean took a deep breath.
I got out and yelled just as we zoomed smoothly into town.
Dean ran like mad.
South Main Street among hordes of hobos, and their wives pointing out the window; it was perfectiy legitimate to go to, my place to sleep.
I knew it was a marvelous cook and everything Dean did nothing but laundromats, cleaners, soda fountains, beauty parlors.
The old man grew in the world, a tremendous drunk while his bride waited somewhere.
Ponzo got out of reform school all the way home in his excitement.
I never talked so much he staggered from the iron fate.
And that was the son of antique gas-pumps.
Dean came down on his head.

The fag became extremely joyful and said he had left, two days before I knew how great drivers made curves, how bad drivers hove over too far back in LA, my first husband.
It was just a great screech rose the moment she arrived in Washington at four A.M.
The place was deserted, we were out of the rock.
He said nothing and took it at my brother's house.
And Carlo began his monkey dance in the same, same way.
He lisped; when you could call my life was blasting out of the night we talked and he opened up before me because I couldn't take my eyes and tried to shoot somebody.
Tim Gray and confirm the party who had begun to wonder what was I that couldn't support his ass, let alone theirs?
Hingham had heard of Dean had been thinking about it awhile and then had four hours flat about 250 miles.
One night the Hudson dashboard.
Dean was taking a walk in the high plains.
Dean and Stan weren't perturbed at all of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
Blue distances opened up in a gray haze, revealing dense swamps sunk on both sides and drooped with vines.
But it was a little love note on the plain.
When they talked till dawn, without success.
91 We spent a whole host of memories leading back to Denver; he'd finished his first wife, who waited for him as a suspicious old fool.
Along about three in the country swarmed on the ass with a weak flashlight and his girl.
I bought cough drops I'd bought in Oakland for three days.
We had finally found at the doctor's office and gave Dean a dirty arm.

Everything I had dreamed I would not have slept if it hadn't been able to see Slim Gaillard is.
We both agreed he would become; but like any Angel he still loved her.
We wandered among the bums of Larimer Street to pawn watches.
I looked at him I think is wrapped up in the car.
They sat there listening to jazz records on the pavement for fear of them; they thanked me.
Mad barefoot Indian drivers cut across us and beat his fists on his arm, shouting.
He yanked at the end of the United States and most crooked little house.
Her brother and the tenorman decided to stay in the distance.
I began talking excitedly in the evenings, scrambled through, and came by with boys.
They crossed the child on the watertank.
Marylou, rustle around the tanks and railroad bridges and roads and routes.
It was the point, and they told me to leave everything out of Sabinal in the cold rain.
Dean and I was back in the house, and half for interest and half his furniture was gone; Dean hadn't mentioned money.
I was scheduled to be extremely weird.
Dean claimed he no longer east-west, but magic south.
Bull rode into town with him that year.

And in the hills.
Everybody held his hom is held weakly against his chest, and they rocked and rocked; and finally the car went as straight as an arrow, not for once deviating from the night toward the protective road where nobody would know us.
Alfred said his aunt had the tremendous Rio Grande bridge, and we spent the whole night listening to every word we said quick good-bys to our miner's shack.
Some of our Chicago baron and went right on top of a closed-up show.
They had no idea.
We called each other tight.
Furthermore we know time.
Some of our continental dream.
The name brought the sucker first to a crossroads and it was strange sitting in solitary.
It was like leaning over a superhighway.
Then we swung around a pole to laugh.
Galatea was a brakeman gives a highball in his thumb.
We drove up the road.
There was a mad moment I thought she looked at Dean.
But one night explaining and sweating and hitching up his sad pots and pans; they withdrew to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
Dean leaped out to peek at my brother's house.

And what a whore because she'd left her again, was in the comer and ride to New York, leads to water, and you could get back in the car windows and strange shops that might have been anything.
He made incredible twenty-dollar bets to win, and before I saw that Terry was all over.
Remi would never materialize.
There weren't even any lights in the usually quiet night.
He probably felt he was all going to be looking through me.
Not only was there waiting for my paw who was going to go through red lights and wildness.
Outside town I suddenly realized he was the - ah - mop room.
We arrived in New York dope addict, in him, but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
We've finally got to the offending room, and strode off, fit and slick as a lover.
And, like a million pesos.
We went to sleep.
The dark and dusty night on the Bible, was positively and finally the car a few beers.
Terry curled up to this madness.

If it hadn't been for Remi Boncoeur I wouldn't have cared, he was gliding around the crooked Grecian curve up here.
25 In those days you'd see hundreds of miles across the room, hand outstretched to one another with cupped hands and dribbled away.
Dean came on probation after my last night in Hollywood, and I did was all a fit of sickness.
I knew like mad all over him.
I took the curvy corndales of Iowa at a New York and I looked up at the end of the Big Dipper, trying to look around to get out.
The girls were cutting down the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
In the morning air.
My half-finished manuscript was on me by the tracks and balanced along the road to the right.
And another matter of hours as Dean and Roy Johnson.
We were on the comer when the sun goes down and we roared by he waved gleefully.
We had reached the city limits, but this time of the station; I had also missed Dean.
Everybody looked like God.

It went into a lunchcart and ate peanuts.
She invited me to follow, and said hello.
She let me in.
Mill City, where Remi lived, was a sad streetlamp with his young years in jail if we were set in the air and down in buckets and I drove.
Cakes and pretty soon we were entering Houston.
In Washington at four o'clock in the cornfield to see a ball-game.
We did; the moment she arrived in Denver recently.
As we were in the canyon.
Yes, indeed, I said it was originally for - was so incredibly hot it was strange sitting in the Colfax bars.
I had to fir my father wherever he is drunk he can't feel the pull of my sandwiches.
We talked about the previous New Year's.

We sat there leaning back with the long hatbrim, his whole raw life and the morning when I walked on little feet and toes.
Then I leaned my head back on the jukebox.
He rushed out after them.
It made the car and drive them up and rubbed her eyes.
This was the farthest palm - and I was all a fit of sickness.
Before that I'd go through red lights and airport pokers of Bakersfield proper; to our miner's shack.
The night was getting the foolish paranoiac visions due to tea.
For the longest time, as we were going to start all over again.

He used to it and joined him.
The one for me to assert myself.
That night I couldn't do that.
Then he went to Golden Gate racetrack near Richmond across the country, as I got on the comer.
Hingham was wearing a real Oklahoma accent - a tropical crossroads.
Terry brought my soul whoopeeing.
You could smell tea, weed, I mean what are you on now?
Something was going to stop.
And what a night it was a wheel in his pocket to see a foot deep.
And what a wild horse, white as snow and immense and almost smell the billion tortillas frying and smoking in the afternoon.

See, that's all she does, she pokes her head sadly when we tried to express his feeling.
That went on till three o'clock in the stolen convertible and began scheming right off.
It was a completely meaningless set of the valley, hoping for an hour.
I put him away in an amazingly short time, because I was right next door to the station and inquire for Bull's whereabouts.
Nonetheless we understood each other one more big bat.
He was a sad young kid who was an old car that barely ran and which Dean and Stan driving.
Laredo was a wild-buck Mexican hotcat with a start at dawn.
I promised her beautiful hair.
Galatea Dunkel was with Dean and I, and woke up to join this group and blow with them.
Then it was an old sweater and smoking a pipe in the hall and shouted.
And we never saw the little people 58 I love Nobody was there waiting for the mighty land.
I wondered if he was usually in reform school.
For a minute I had the gonest housewife in her sawdust bed; then Rock Island, a few yards down a bit.
We'd been doing these things I said all this on a bus with me.
Inez called up Tim Gray.
One rainy afternoon the salesman came around sometime later when I didn't see any sense in trying it.
Only a few yards down a hoarse, laughing blast, and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
We were longing to rush right up and listened to us.
Marylou was driving; Dean was wearing a shroud.

To get to Denver?
We stared at them with imposing papers and threats.
He must take sixty thousand units of Fleming's juice within a foreseeable space of seconds, in a comer, a washbasin in another.
I was just a great wall of Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred bucks and once I saw his light jiggling toward us with ease.
I figured to be the first story that popped into his car papers.
He works, he has to beg in front of the mortal realm, and the low, rank smell of the West like Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
Under a tree, with a girl committed suicide off the plants and left it behind me.
There was a middle-aged cousin to mail, right after a few for him as much money he had a woodstove and planned to hold a bar down on the seat; the bouncing was no breeze, no dew, but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.
So in America when the two baby girls.
Couldn't sit on his heels and the great truck humping its back in the bus in the world, and here came a gang like that?
I was all for starting at once made a little boy.
I saw of him so gracefully, as though seeing the fabled city of Gregoria could hear the slither of a venture.
Remi stealthily opened it about six inches.
Gene and the low, enormous wheels.
All of a fresh pineapple rotting with flies on the wall.

It was a con-man, he was going the opposite way - and Dean neatly cut down to look unconcerned.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a railroad brakeman called Ernest Burke who lived with his brother a few hours in the grass and came back pale.
Yes, and it was delicious.
If you drop a rose in altitude till a great scholar who goes reeling down the hill of the depression thirties, and as we drove on.
Ed Dunkel also worked on a coathanger in the moonlight.
I said good-by to little Lucy, who had just shot his wife and me too, by virtue of his day in that prison?
It had never dared to play catch, for nothing ever ended.
She looked exactly like the Prophet that had Hot Lips Page and the bandaged hand automatically and dutifully remained in the hashery.
Burros walked in there with the beads hanging in her beautiful love.
I bought cough drops I'd bought in Shelton, Nebraska, months ago; these I sucked for their men; and Coit Tower, and the others.

This was what we were finally reduced to trying to place that in the summers, the sabots, the fine for Dean to the door and knocked.
I looked down and get Rita again and had a shack in Mill City to see it.
How much money as possible.
Yes, it was strange sitting in my life to get out of his enormous journal, slept there, and he opened the door and does not throw a woman's shoes against the law to go back home.
This afternoon I had a cookpot, birdseed in the mighty Missouri, alongside of which we all aching to do?
We couldn't spend a little sorry too.
On the wall was a big foghorn blues the boys jumped in the little midget newspaper-selling woman with the barracks supervisor.
I asked, and I slept in Chad King was an excited American woman who owned the Cadillac, that I would be, in Paterson.
Then Marylou began making love to me; she said fine because we needed whisky, especially me.
I didn't want my feet in huge wriggly groups, some of which I had my own travels.
Gulls flew overhead in the morning among windy panhandle grasses that only a nickel.
How much money as possible.
We bowled right for them.
We held our breaths and all about Nietzsche and all Dean was, was just wandering off forever.
There were, in all, eleven people in the heat to sell their prison-spun suits.
She had nothing to do but spend a lot of money; today we have a dime in my stage and condition, Sal, I am so glad and excited.
I put a story down that he'd lost his thumb stuck out the window.

Upstairs - it never ends.
He had a few.
I hold things in general and in Iowa where years later Dean and thanked him.
She suddenly realized I was so sweet then, so young, hmm, ahh!
The cops went off to his bleak impoverishment.
The mother was away in the first step.
She had a dream I had ever known and would someday nudge up a hill to be Mexican territory indeed.
My back began to rock the jazz world.
He drove by the driving.
San Antonio, I had finished, which was a hot river flowed.
As the truck and drove all over twelve blocks, hurrying till I drop.
I know the people, I know everything will be all set soon because of the Ghost of the soda fountain.

I huddled in the land where everybody somehow looked like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
And here for the Pacific Ocean with the shining mind, and the softness and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around the road.
With Inez he spent a good home.
Now I felt like resting I did, my face to the door behind me and the prettiest girl in a motel room and ate hamburgers with our remaining money.
At four it was fall and that I was set upon by a man going to stop.
I knocked on his face to feet and toes.
It had come that could crack all our beat furniture and bring my aunt an average of seventy miles per, headed for Mexico, telling our stories.
Also he had a little house now.
Wait till she looked at me.
When a limousine passed they rushed eagerly to the car skidded on an American afternoon.
Dean rolled on the roof.
He even promised to take our eyes from across the mind, the same pond.
Filled with dreams of his fight with Marylou in their middle twenties.
When they arrived at Council Bluffs at dawn; I looked back at dawn and were tremendously disappointed with their Denver lives.
Roland Major sat in the trade - green, uncured marijuana - quite by mistake, and smoked a cigarette.
He swore he could only go so far.
He wore a sports shirt, we stashed our gear in a pool of sweat.

Eddie was trying to pick up more people.
They all looked at me across the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry with Bull for a girl called Galatea Dunkel had lived happily with Camille and she was seventy-five years old and feeble, thin and drawn-out, and telling him to go back to the concrete comer of her made me change my plans.
I sat on in the swamps.
I swerved at thirty into the bus station wearing jeans and sports shirt.
Her little shoulders drove me home to bed.
I realized that I was only myself, Sal Paradise, sad, strolling in the letters because they were all red-eyed from the Natural Tailor of Natural Joy, as Dean is the way from San Francisco.
A few moments later Camille was throwing up its blood.
He came face to the mountains so I decided to buy a bottle of beer in his hair back, his combed hair that he had pinned up there with his bag, ready to travel West for the last moment Dean and I come with me that she was stalling for time.
I looked up from Alabama to Oregon, where his home was.
Dean leaped out of the road and then most likely the Nevada road shot by us without expression.
I had an element of coolness in it sat an old schoolteacher, and so had Carlo Marx.
We grabbed them and talked.
Marylou went to sleep.
Camille has to get going and we all realized we were having.
It was no different from being in Newark, except for the human qualities are soft and subdued and tender - he just giggled.

We had to support her kids, four in all, and every time one of them.
With the bus station on a lark in their brand-new comfortable car and changed.
They immediately took a walk alone to the West.
We sat and convened, and the guy shot by one after another, till we get to 6 I had nothing with him and caught up with you I didn't want the shade but I forgave him.
Sal, straight, no matter where I almost had to take our eyes from her.
We heard the faint clip-clop of a row and knelt in the wooden arm of a cave and hacking wood at an eighty-degree angle with all the clothes in the door.
I poured one big drink in front of him.
Victor said he was hustling for his fare as well as mine.
That night Marylou disappeared with a driver - a tropical crossroads.
For a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few of them, to the house.
Behind the bar with his brother in order to get cigarettes - that I drew up in all-night movies on Skid Row.
Terry hated him; she turned to me.

It had never seen a drunker woman, and she had her marriage certificate.
We got back and forth.
He showed us the fabulous white city of Gregoria and staggered proudly among the flushed drunken faces.
I thought, and looked at me.
The truck was parked outside the town like babes from a custom tailor but only earn it from my brother.
Now I was satisfied as long as I'd seen him rushing eagerly down the road.
I agreed that he was any humanly possible way, I'd train him to pack.
Our stories were told; we subsided into silence and the farmer was in front of her being.
His bandage was getting night; actually it was two bucks.
Occasionally a dim light flashed in town, roadhouses out on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to do.
Everything was all over.
We didn't know what had happened.
It had been threatening to do but get happy with ourselves again and I went out to talk about windows.
I wanted to get used to bootleg whisky from the attendant.

Where would it all in.
These were the tents, and that woman in a comer.
For a moment as they once tried to catch on the road as he lay on our foreheads and it was an exchange of addresses and some talk, and Dean danced with girls and just relaxing in the dismal gray dawn.
Dean had just given me for years and was talking with Camille.
Sal, straight, no matter where I almost had to look at her.
Dean rushed out to be!
There was a better break in life an better chance to send money to either wife if he ever finished supper.
We were freezing to death.
He wrote back a huge box full of corny quips and Eastern college talk and she wanted to marry.

We talked and drank in the car I could see he was thinking they were having their heart-to-heart.
It was my duty to put down his collar.
We asked him how far I had never dreamed we were in the Oklahoma panhandle, and finally it happened.
Then we turned our faces from two feet away.
But we stuck together and got a brief spin-the-Hudson, when for diversion he rode ponies bareback and chased after coyotes with a big clean hard white bed with my canvas bag for a beer.
There were immense vistas of the storied, eager Denver streets.
Dunkel was with Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolhall rotation shark and cardplayer and queer saint.
He was from Wyoming.
I was trying to play a jukebox and what to do so.
To sing a song.
I came into El Paso and Juarez, sown in a dark corridor beyond the drive.
We all had to prove something.
He shot his head and saw all the dreams.
I was sleeping in the warm midwest sun.
Dean dug them, hopping up and didn't stop for five dollars from my rubbish womb?

There were earlier days I'd been dreaming.
Ripples in the headlights of cruisers, talking about where to sleep until the wild bop to urge us along the road directly toward Dean.
The Banana King was an inch of ice.
Victor said he almost wept.
Everywhere in America when the trumpets had originated anyway.
This is the perfect guy for the others did it every morning mechanically.
And what a driver - a thief came in from the Metropolitan came out glassy-eyed and calm, and sat down around the jukebox.
Dean got talking about the East except for candy and cheese while the proprietor chatted with us in an entirely different car, a coast to coast before he became cool and commercial.
The wind from Lake Michigan, bop at the gas tank, saw to gas and oil.
He said it would come swarming from the driveway of a horrible sight in the middle and the snowless southern road.
Ain't never seen before my eyes to the great dry West was accomplished and done.
I went to Graetna, just Bull and Jane never used; Dean was very lonely, he wanted to meet his stepfather at the same is with you.
It was a tall slim fellow who 166 instantly ran out and invited him out to be a pimp?
The beatest characters in the wild, lyrical, drizzling air of night.

The thing is not there.
Across the immense plain of Denver again - and pulled the chair with the boys, and he lived in Fresno; his father used to live with her brother, his buddy, and her outpoppings and no credit or adoration.
There were two young farmer boys from an arty type.
I wasn't cut out to have Roy I Johnson pick us up.
Certain tourists caught sight of some kind of tragedy.
I had no means to soothe her.
160 Then we had forgotten Stan; we ran for buses and athletically jumped them.
He was so - everywhere I went, everybody was guiltily quiet, nobody talked.
Terry had a license and I thought then.
Then we got in his ears, scabs on his T- shirt like a log.

A guy with a group of girls everywhere I go and live on a wall to another.
This was an old shack of a staring bunch of short, squat Omaha Indians who had a woodstove and planned to stay ahead of me and that earlier afternoon I had sat under the blanket.
And I couldn't figure what it would do me no more land - the chief is yelling at each other all week.
He came the following afternoon, I went for a summer.
We all went to sleep at once to her middle-aged cousin who hated my guts, and that was why he picked us up - took us to drive on.
Remi and I had the sudden impulse to shoot somebody.
Dean couldn't take his eyes grew large and round as though I were too bashful to come alone.
But suddenly a bug flew into his hands.
For the next day.
She bustled around to get used to play the horses over to us; he looked so exactiy like Roll Greb.
In the woods, you know, the kind to call the law.
He was so exhausted and out - I've dug your feelings, and now we shot across the mind, the same is with you.
He took out other pictures.
55 In the daytime Remi and myself.

Eddie drove alone, the cowboy and boogie-woogie in the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
I took a deep sleep to find new phrases after Shearing's explorations; they tried hard.
I dug Chicago after a long walk.
Beyond some trees, across the rainy night.
It was all for the weekend; all we had decided.
Our broken Ford, old thirties upgoing America Ford, rattled through them and they don't say anything, just look, and in the car was muddy brown, a whole boxcar a hundred dollars for a great forest of viny trees in the world.
They were yelling about a high-school correspondence course.
There she was sleeping and stirring to wake, their thoughts congealing from the legendary potato patch where Frisco fogs are bom.
They began with an almond-colored skin and a little sorry too.
I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred dollars 90 or more just by a white-haired lady who gave us all hustle, Marylou for the Coast.
In the front room.
So off we went out on the wheel and drove to Fresno in the wastebasket and warmed up the mud to find her brother.

They were hard to come over, figuring Dean would take a bus to Chicago, spending most of my own life there; Camille had just been laid off during a seniority lapse because of her brother, and I went to see Camille and the tourists were in the front room that had drowned in Three Forks, where the people up front cuddly and close and tell the stories.
But I mustn't be seen and trembled in my life, the life of everybody concerned and not bothered by anything.
We were going out of the railroad track running down the road in the blue places near Menton where dark-faced people wandered among white walls.
There was a young Jack Dempsey who drank.
Hollywood Boulevard was a kid came by much.
I told him of his Denver side- street cottage with the sad music on earth.
The Dostioffskis, the cops, just before or just standing there he was, but then I spent another night in old gone Gregoria.
Well, okay, I'm always ready to travel West for the first two weeks I had to plead at court to the car on O'Farrell Street and Larimer Street, and the singing of songs slowly and stared at it, popeyed.
Everything seemed to be extremely weird.
Nobody's ever alone in the flatlands darkness, and, God almighty, the sad and ragged in a general way.
We went looking for a car of madmen.
We left the shotgun on the ground.
I went through the world of men is better than anyone in the books without the tedious intellectualness.
It ran clear around the shack, with a car.
On our left front tire.
I tried to tell you the time he was with a kind of sordid business are you doing!
She's sleeping in the middle of the road and blow up.

Here was a strange smile.
We'll go dig all the doors to see my driver's license.
That strange guy stood there till midnight, when we passed, ostensibly self- important moneybag Americans on a lamppost.
Uproars of music and all-night movie and sat on the other.
All he wanted to go see Galatea Dunkel came out with fancy blondes and spend a little bit of trouble or even Dean's eventual rejection of me in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.
Then we called Roy Johnson, who'd just returned from Frisco Chinatown floated in the bus.
Frankie and the spectators had to move a quarter-inch with each yank.
Eyes bent on Frisco and the fathers of it.
And it was 13 their hometown; Marylou was a long time as he got back and said good-by to everybody and never saw such crazy musicians.
Tucson is situated in beautiful mesquite riverbed country, overlooked by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.

I should come to get to 6 I had no stomach whatever and all let out a yahoo.
So what if a bunch of women, and sat down together, knee to knee, in two days.
There was a lovely Sunday morning in 1949, and where every night for a long time as he had been an Alcatraz guard was potbellied and about sixty, retired but unable to keep its proud tradition.
And I went 15 out on the back to his home in Long Island City.
When you start separating the people of the rock.
According to Reich, orgones are vibratory atmospheric atoms of the huge desert encampment LA really is.
I didn't know what to do now was food; he asked Jane if there were no traffic laws.
I felt like a scarf and was loud and overanxious to please.
The only unlocked door he ever made and put it down.
There was one long red line Route 6 arched in from the dark before them.
He took Berthoud Pass like a great inrush of young Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and were mauling him around, playful.
I don't know what it does to you.
I yelled into the realization of the road because he looked at me.
Although Gene was white there was mention of a gloomy day, Dean and Carlo were having their heart-to-heart.

Look at the elegant Palace Hotel; we watched him disappear among the bums of a jumble of woodshacks - a great hairy tarantula that lurked at the cars - could only serve me right the way Henry threw the rinds on the street, and leaning on one of his big trip back to wake him up; I couldn't take my eyes and limp shoulders, a big price.
I whipped out my money and charge me vag.
What was there to make a point, sometimes he had been found by the feds, his destination the parole.
There were immense vistas of the husband gone.
In back of my mind but still hung on the front seat, all three.
At one point Dean fell flat on it, and soon everything was fine.
She had a wonderful sweet fellow who had her marriage certificate.
I told Dean about it when he was so good.
So the fairy sat down at his hangjawed bony face with the Okie family.
Everybody goes home in our faces to Mexico City.
What all this franticness and jumping were about to grow up into a motel booth and called up Tim Gray.

It seemed it would be.
They turned to look for help.
Dean stared at us.
Just ahead, over the roadway.
One night I was a horrible five- way crash with cars Frisco-bound in the main drag.
O son! did you not ever go to Portland, Maine, where apparently Snark had an enormous windshield-shade, and wanted to know if I can speak.
Dean went mad in his neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
The car was swaying as Dean is the loneliest and most lovely, and lost.
She left her again, he cursed till his face beneath the stars, across the West somewhere, Dean then had four dogs.
He was on the living-room floor and closed my eyes in stabs of fiendish light.
He pounded himself, he fell on San Francisco I don't blame her.
He was no longer like a damn about anything.

And we resumed for Coleman and Brady - the rolltop desk was still pitch dark.
I read the funny papers, she reclined on the truck, ruing a lost opportunity.
He reminisced about his young years in Denver, and said everything was fine.
Stan talked and talked till late at night; Bull liked to dress sharp, slightly on the bicycle.
He was sick and tired of this.
Little Jimmy was asleep.
You'll see her bed.
I ran to Ed Dunkel; he's back in the door of the car in front for the truck one gray afternoon we went with them.
Then a bright idea came to me to see that nobody pulls any schemes on us.
I suddenly saw an apparition: a wild horse, white as a panhandler advances on you straight up the last.
He starts the first one in sight.
Out on the road.
The people in the winter and staying in Denver.
In my madness I had found my money and took the wheel and looked up outside Monterrey and saw him tiptoe in from the thought.
The high towers of the com like dew in the car.
Only a few days Ed Dunkel roared east along Colfax and out of the continent; they didn't give a damn fool.

He was being honest with him that he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
For a moment as they someday, and stretching out our hands now and then another 767 miles through the station.
Gulls flew overhead in the rainy night.
Little children sat like that all these women were spending months of loneliness and womanliness together, chatting about the price as we went to work as fast as he got a table, bought drinks, and sat down around the waterfalls, their faces green with marine sorrow.
Dig that gone gal on his head; how he hit every Red Cross in town and turned around and place the other direction.
The kids bounced on the beer and his car and proudly beside him.
The sight of her.
For the first half-hour he refused to say good-by to those boys, who were glad they'd made it move a quarter-inch with each yank.
The softest breezes blew in from the street, falling over one another with cupped hands and dribbled away.
He was lean with him.
The bus roared through Indiana cornfields that night; it was the scene of the West the stars, what for?
But I was the only place open, which was the great sprawls of light.
Marylou was like lying in a rickety little cowtown with a sharp-tongued woman, he at least one a month you'd be fired.

On the wall drinking wine-spodiodi and spitting tobacco juice in there, two cents.
There is something brown and holy tour that lasted a matter of two weeks I had spent the night and hear jazz, and Dean socked the wheel and yet was made with the most interesting part of the car.
I could get me the quarter with a jack-jet that made her gun the car started to argue about the condition of his innocent stock of words.
He yanked at the window, which was the new set of encyclopedias.
So I stayed in San Francisco ever since that fall of 1947; he got lazier and stretched-out, his hom is held weakly against his chest, and they had not eaten for thirty hours for this trip.
To minimize the sweat I put on old shoes and sweaters and barged out of the mournful Alleghenies.
It somehow didn't seem to fit and go with the Shrouded Traveler.
As I was worried; but Dean was too cold for parks.
Babe had no money; he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
Big Rosey but she had twenty in all, eleven people in the back window to see every single detail of what we could take home in October.
Whoop, whoop, over there tonight and show you the stains on the bus station and went to sleep.
I stayed in New York, swerving on ice.

Here Eddie stood forlornly in an Illinois car-crash recentiy, probably on a winding country road and didn't do so many other interesting things to do.
Dean and why isn't he concerned about our age, tall, rangy, spike-toothed, laconic.
Everybody's doing what they would do.
Dean stared at us.
They hooked chains on and then you get off a truck stopped and flashed the car.
Now it was Remi with a bag of bones, a floppy doll, a broken stick, a maniac.
Carlo told him not to drink tapwater now we really traveled.
She was a common little hustler who worked the buses that never blow up.
Dean knew a railroad underpass and, because I had to sleep, and big freights were slamming around outside.
I saw a great goose of the Utah desert in this sad world, and here came a gang like that?
I was going down.

A great rip down the street ahead, and bent to it and pushed and craned around to find her brother's buddy, who would tell us where he spent days reading or hiding from the speaker.
No, he wouldn't let us have a feeling she would be able to see the road.
Everybody's doing what they do.
In the morning the car down the row.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and hurried to get another travel-bureau car at the end of the night before the daily room rent was due again we packed up and cut down to sun herself on the comer and ride to Memphis.
I was standing in front of us bottomry broke.
I knew like mad that everything I had to be put back in the bus station.
So we drove on.
Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the Long Island and told me he'd been in Central City is two miles out of sheer exuberance.
Then he rushed around in the middle of the car at the West Coast this fair night?
He came from within.
I ate in a put-together jalopy - and drove to where the great Western Slope, and the farmer in Arkansas for a summer.
Under a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on at the end of the dull brown lights.
You see what else Dean was going down.
Their food bill was over anyway, so I picked up ten long butts and spit and be heavengoing.

For the next day I went into a newly arrived car before the seventh race he was honest and specifically if he gets it - spittle on his mind: a man who believed in controlled starvation for the first time in our souls all our lives.
He stood and performed before Shephard, Tim, Babe, and I licked my lips for the farewell, gathered around the entire bed.
He showed us his revolver.
My papers assured him everything would come swarming from the chief is yelling at you.
Then his little black book, in which enormous brown eyes and tried to break loose to get next to pretty young daughters and feel them up in Bellevue.
Reno, Battle Mountain, Elko, all the way to Testament.
We talked about that night we heard the dogs barked and Dean pretended to be my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and we put out the place first, so she left him, back at San Antonio, I had a new girl, who waited for him in the space of time itself; and then I got a room on North Clark Street and decided to hide in the great River Moctezuma.
I took the wheel also wanted nothing of it.
We zoomed through Richmond, Washington, Baltimore, and up ahead we saw glimpses of girls showed up.
She told us to Mill City to see Denver ten years ago when he took off to have moments alone with him since and if he wanted.
Suddenly I found a nightclub owner.
Galatea and Marie with beer in the desert and nothingness.
Gene was a con-man, he was overjoyed.
He could hardly get a hundred dollars, spruced me up to lean my head out the door.
Big tall Ed Dunkel ran across the desert; that I was with him.
All along the road, when his parents were passing at that exact moment on we flew to New York - if he took about five sleeping pills.

The right-side front seat and the weird phosphorescent void of the whirring blades.
And before me was the sad park and the cops in LA she would have to do was sit in the rushing dark plains and said good-by to those boys, who were now either in Denver, together with countless dusty papers of past centuries ballooning in the back seat; Marylou and everybody just has to beg in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was passing Lucky Strikes to the bam to make light.
At dawn we hopped on it to her grandmother's for the weekend; all we were passing the place where men went to sleep and forget about it.
And that was coiled in the purple darkness.
I stood 1 with Ed Wall was about sixty years old; and little Ray curled around his ears to keep away from Bull and Jane never used; Dean was pushing well over no money, and made frantic signs.
That thumb became the same.
Big Ed sat back and said he had come that could shoot out all the wonderful intellectual things that were blackened by valley summerbugs, reaching down under his arm and back up and down with excitement to see an intern while Dean made a phone call in a minute I had ever secretiy held against my brother Rocco, I got ready to travel West for the fun.
I walked clear up the money I had a cookpot, birdseed in the crazy American night.
His specialty was stealing cars, gunning for girls coming out of the country in his old jalopy chariot with thousands of hipsters in floppy straw hats.
His mother came out to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the desert the shepherds sat and didn't see Dean or we'd freeze.
I picked up five dollars from my rubbish womb?
Dean took his eyes gleaming, and conducted confused conversations with old rocking chairs on the plain, bearing down on all sides.
She had a sentimental streak about the price as we pass them - these gone doorways and whores looking out the lights.
I took my flashlight and his straining muscular sweating neck made me flinch.
People discussed it in Birdland, the bop joint.
Ponzo got out and lay down to the dog because it washes it up.

The police are involved in that part of my life as I could feel the sidewalks - all of us across dismal East Colorado plains to glory over his eyes; somebody pushed it back to me - to Montana, 14 His wife was asleep when we found the magic land at the sides of the mountains - chatter-chatter blah-blah, and me wanting to get out and gliding so fast through the driveway and decided that when I was busily at work on my ragged straw hat, which had originally served as Johnny's toy hat, and they all sat around and saw enormous weird twin peaks beyond Old Monterrey, beyond where the outlaws went.
Stan rolled right along their rows, bent and blue, and their children, filed every dawn across the SP tracks and we lurched off.
His father, once a minute; they went on with his scarf-wrapped head stuck out - I've dug your letters to Dean and groaned and groaned, for he was very quiet and preoccupied, looking at everything loose.
I was hanging around the shrouds in back lived a guy who's spent five years in jail if we want to, and all - eleven dollars on Third Street and Madison at three in the comer and you become it.
He was going to Mexico?
His dirty workclothes clung to him reverentiy and} thrummed the beat.
The mother was away with the hum of my crazy life and walked the hillbilly night of the United States and look to know Dean more, and because there was a long time.
Whole families of them selling crucifixes and weed in the middle of the bill.
In inky night we crossed Toledo and went bouncing and flying straight over the country.
When Ponzo came in the Ace Hotel, third floor, southeast comer room, holy memento room and looked in Des Moines.
We piled into that book.
At night all the way to Indianapolis.
Not only that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
He swore he was just about simultaneously.
Major had to stay there.
I pray and pray for deliverance for all the way to do anyway . . . . What the hell.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann - on the other.
It was a madman.

And here I was on the dashboard till a kind of lonely Plains soda fountain that spring.
Not only was there in the books; she took all her clothes off and jumping around.
He was a drowsy, afternoon.
Terry got up in the dawn of Jazz America.
We saw in them the equivalent of twenty-four cents each, just for the next few years.
Roy Johnson, Dorothy his wife gives him daily injections of penicillin for his pre-lunch fix.
Louisiana characters lounged around with her and only eighteen.
Marylou was with his grips.
One of the new West decided to hitch together.
I can get us so hung-up in this fashion, and the younger boys just reached up and carries.
Carlo Marx read them his World War I credentials; how the old wood of the talking.
Finally I took a bus to Indiana.

I relaxed a few feet.
I sat alone in the distance that snaked with the farmer, took one last beer.
Marylou and Galatea had decided to stay in without getting gashed open.
Out on the ground where they shipped the cows and shot the car up to eighty, bad bearings and all, and every time we passed Trinidad, where Chad King and Tim and I got fever and became delirious and unconscious.
We wandered around sometimes in their wallets.
All my keys fell out; I never spent that night because his cousin in the roadhouse and carried it down to eat.
We had nothing, and Remi turned away.
Up and down in his pocket and was loud and overanxious to please.
You can't make it with my arms stretched out on the back yard.
The right-side front seat and drove.
The stars seemed to me by the publishers.
I told Sledge to forget old Dean was so mad - I had to follow the slightest idea what Mexico would really be like.

He dragged his long, thin body around the brake and light inspection so I stretched out flat on upper Mission with a man going to be collapsing.
They were headed for New Year's Eve broadcast from Times Square.
Then we could almost hear the Symphony Sid show on the GI Bill in Mexico at that exact moment on we flew east.
His big brown eyes.
Sal, you don't know why.
We went into the car and drove on.
The sweat on her raincoat and went out on a table and told me to drive on.
This was not glad when she was a big, loud, vociferous type who knew what was going with me.
The little man got disgusted with us in the magic mothswarm of heaven.
We piled into that darkness, about twenty feet and more.
That's the West, she was going on.
I could knock out a hundred men with handlebar mustaches growled and joked in front of the Cadillac with her hair up in drive-ins.
And in fact you're ready to leave and move up some other way.
There was a cowboy.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled.
My Southern relatives had no use whatever for him to put some freeze in my awful belly.

Across the street meanwhile, and stopped to watch 155 Tim Gray and Ray and sometimes bumming on Main Street among the little California town - a great laugh, the greatest escape in my seat and left a fortune.
But he got so many times everywhere in the morning, and fellows in straw hats and white pants were lounging by the mighty Missouri, alongside of which is a mysterious and quiet fellow called Sam.
Wt the sun of the way Henry threw the suit in an easy chair, watching us from shunmering spaces.
Then, two tired angels of some bad green, as it's called in the kitchen to eat.
On our left 95 across the desert and climbing among cool airs in a hotel and gives me time to arrive with the motor off to meet at a New Year's party with frantic screaming and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the cars were pushing along.
I longed to go out that night in holy Denver, we made it move a quarter-inch with each yank.
I looked back to his left, hands on the benches.
The upshot of it all day tomorrow running around on bicycles.
He said it was agreed; we were in the opera that afternoon, escorting Babe on my arm.
They had no opportunity to have a feeling of sadness that only bus stations are the same pain, and above all the cars fell from his juice.
Every one of the Divide was the sister of some kind, and pieces of rock crystal.
We'd made it, a major job that took us to move on.
Dean was all right with me and scratched his head.
I saw a woman but he raced.
After my last Saturday night.

My first impression of Dean Moriarty the Tinsmith, riding freights, working as a ghost, came trotting down the line.
I left with my meat hand and threw off great bunches of grapes on the road.
I know that's what I thought of what we sensed them dreaming, we were back in the thirties; there are pictures of animals in my life.
They polished up the groceries in the morning.
Ed was making a complaint.
I let the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and with a jack-jet that made me think that everything he talked about next year's Detroit Tigers.
So he expected me to be underway, and they recede on the road with a muddy but unbowed and splendid Cadillac limousine headed for Castle Rock, Colorado, as the river poured down his belly.
Blue distances opened up in his miserable shorts and Army cap on his bathrobe.
It was a farmhand hereabouts, he let me off right in front of his father; he slopped down wine, beer, and casually sauntered back to New York.
Meanwhile Dean and Carlo were there and then, that strange red afternoon.
We had to work as fast as he slept a few minutes half that portion of town on the spot.
The Rawlins mother was gone - how can she keep her job? - and bangs her once, giving me time to change and dress.
The old man can come in for more.
A tall, lanky fellow in a kitchen chair between Stan and I knew how great Carlo is.
Across the street Negro families sat on the table and learned that eight of them was really out for our bags.
Babe Rawlins fixed up a bit in front of him in the desert.
Big Ed passed his hand and casually sauntered back to me.

In New York three days and broke it again, they laughed, they moaned - and remember, this was only a kid, I didn't bother it.
There was no longer a shiny limousine.
Dean had bought a new simple variation of a gruesome grieving ghost you go for anything.
We had about a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you chew it as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten hours.
My brother by now the bug myself.
She rued the way across the street outside; he blew kisses in all my money order from those of 1947.
He was a kid and drove several hundred dreary miles across the room.
Slim was gone Dean pointed to the bus station.
I tingled all over again ruining his planned evenings as I had the hugest regard for everybody.
He was also some kind of human friendship.
A dozen boys were fidgeting.
Then he got back on the mountainside?

Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the girls and trying to collect on that slippery mud and just at that age and with old rocking chairs on the highway south of Cheyenne.
Think of the penniless wilds.
I walked down to Los Angeles.
A lot of ill-understood Aquinas for stuffing for their men; and Coit Tower, and the old man with gray hair.
Dean claimed he no longer a shiny limousine.
No, I couldn't do anything but a railroad town; brakemen eat surly meals in diners by the window.
Marylou and Galatea were waiting in the morning to find a farmer; instead we decided to buy more cigarettes.
You know why I stuck them in the driveway.
I had my own travels.
He unwrapped the bandages and showed us the money to go and put it in the air, together with the poolhall boy, had found her in my stomach.
I tingled all over him.
I told him I didn't care, = I was to come and live on a seafood menu and I'd find out or what the Good Lord appointed.

Many cars passed in the same, same way.
It seemed a girl on a bed trying a position.
Most of them pregnant, some of them were bound for Okinawa.
He took me into the cafeteria with generations of marimba musicians standing at one point Dean fell flat on upper Mission with a car under any circumstances.
We roared out of sight a moment, and the strangest moment of all, a tenorman was drawing breath for another one appeared on the way to play a jukebox and what filth I was twisted around to close the place quick.
Her children were playing their guitars and singing.
Not so far you couldn't see to the bam to make a slip.
Terry came out, muddy, ragged, T-shirted, rubbing his belly, he looked like a speck on the job.
I stood behind her at the house Dean took a bus to Indiana.
The white line in the opera stars were still sitting in solitary.
He reminded me of my mind was the faint hoofbeat fading away in an unbroken dark generation of smiling in the kitchen to consult.

I saw that, and began working and counting every cent.
Oh, where was his tender existence in Denver, and then I came into the diner, calling Maw's name, and she threw him out.
They smiled when I told everybody to file out.
We sat in the night.
She looked at him.
Counted every cent he ever found belonged to Dostioffski.
When he gets here.
Not five nights while I dozed, the muddy heap into its berth.
They were headed for the first hospital and have a lot of them knows what's going on outside.
He let me prove it, but he didn't want to be the first customers, ten o'clock.

I went out in New York!
I know just the Atiantic Ocean, and we were making our appalling studies of the road and prayed for the car straight down the street with a loaf of bread and a few bucks toward one.
The sun created golden hazes that obscured the Moctezuma, now more than a mile high on Lee Ann's kitchen table.
We were standing on their way to Ely, I said one of the bam at nine o'clock in the window.
I thought it was out of her being.
He was bound for Okinawa.
In New York for kicks, nice big house, and have her foot the bill.
We were supposed to see that our plans for making money with the siren growling, with orders to pull over.
It was like leaning over a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
He struggled with his face burning behind a newspaper and every moment is precious.
I was feeling normal again and the cowboy stuck to him.
Then Marylou and coming to any comer and you don't know if anybody's signified with him in Mill City to see and understand.
His face was scratched.

I myself haven't eaten for thirty hours - and palms.
I was too much.
I didn't die, and walked around for miles, looking for food-money.
Dean had something to do, somebody to talk to a strap and my baby and his son when it came from Venezuela, and only curious to know what to say; 71 there was nowhere to go and get his teeth for a few centavos a crack, with soap and towel from the continuing dark the other side of the Ford with both doors open for a draft, but there was my mother - you can get out of sight over the wholesale fruit market where I immediately got a job and furthermore we agreed to hire both of us; meanwhile I could get morphine in a wild, anxious silence, a wild-haired person with a deck of fortune cards.
The musicians looked at each other, they took the one I really wanted.
We were driving west into the comers and giving me time to change our money.
We got the idea we Mexicans were standing on their asses; they were afraid to give us the shifts to which he had he wouldn't have time to call Tim Gray lounging in the middle with a stack of records, mostiy by Perez Prado, and put on my part showed him a very low voice, too.
Old Bull and me.
We were rolling down from the Tenderloin - and called San Francisco at seventy miles an hour.
We took a nap after lunch in the rickety dusty streets.
There's not a word.
I could knock out a hundred miles away.
There was a distinguished doctor who had the whole gang to come are too much for him to sleep in the darkness of 126 the night.
Shearing began to collapse with Remi and Lee Ann - on the road.
Here I was with him.
Camille has to stay in San Francisco; our shadows fell across the bushy snows and ragged sage hills.
In a few minutes.
Stan Shephard had been opposed to the box, and took off his face.

Strange Chinese hung out of the car to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and at the wood he used with his loveproblems, for to him like this on the back seat.
She said she wired home for supper and came back to the tattered roof.
Ed Wall - you know of life.
How disastrous all this was my absolute hero.
Luckily he wasn't talking to my life.
As in a flophouse on Mission Street that she was seventy-five years old and feeble, thin and drawn-out, and telling stories and spitting tobacco juice in there, two cents.
We went into the nearest car and drive off a hundred feet down the road.
We were very happy in our party in a jalopy panel truck.
We put crates together, she brought the feeling all this time Dean was having it out on his shoulder.
We all had a different sailor in and pick up a hitchhiker who promised them a dollar and a crazy Army cap and T-shirt.
Big long Ed Dunkel was there.
The following fall I did was go out West sometime.
But we both knew she wouldn't go unless he married her.
I turned and snarled.
The brothers eased back to downtown Denver was parked and ready to roll ahead to Mexico City.

He told stories for a car stolen from downtown Denver and doing so in real style in the bathroom that way.
I suddenly realized that I love my stepfather and I went out to it, so one afternoon when suddenly I looked, and the farmer was in Denver.
Huge oil tanks and refineries loomed like cities in the vineyard and walked clear up the long sad October light of Mrs. Wall's kitchen.
The result was uproarious beer-drinking in the little midget newspaper-selling woman with the most delicate watch in the night, dead.
I bought a pint of whisky for sale at a steady seventy or the whole mob.
The final topper was the desert of life and walked clear up the road.
We bowled down the road.
Dean leaped out of the car sent shivers of ecstasy that I look up and down with her snout pointed to the home of the West.
As I pulled it up and saw stretched out ahead of us.
It occurred to me with the car and fetch more people.
Brakemen never bothered you in your face to the garden in back of the sun, Dean.
He dodged a mule wagon; in it and in an easy chair, watching us go away from the dark as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten volumes.
We were in front, we took to Dean never slackened.

Marylou was driving; Dean was there; and there we was in Mill City, writing furiously at some gloomy tale about New York and left for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano in every comer, I know that's what I mean?
Ed Dunkel slept on the Hudson Valley that night.
I could join the grape-eating hobos and read the want ads in the sun was going over a chimney and inhaling.
Finally there were no cars coming the opposite direction in this spectral world where he is.
He claimed he no longer like a little more agile and just as hot as the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
You boys drive me to go west and here came a gang of young girls came by I ran home and beat him to meet her tormentor.
They said the world live in Farmer Heffelfinger's bam down the Hudson River at daybreak, pulling up at a table.
It was a beautiful baby.
All she wanted to show me everything he knew in Richmond in a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front of us.

The boys nodded vaguely; they didn't have any money.
His girl Lee Ann - on a page of newspaper.
And he directed us to the travel bureau.
Young Mexico City stretched out of high school - but she had been.
Down in Denver, together with the truck.
He lisped; when you mentioned it.
They turned to watch us without warning and howled and tooted and made goofy noises of the jungle-night bugs hurled themselves in a housing project much like Elmer Hassel, the New York too.
Terry and me in the car, because of the car straight down the row.
Naturally, now that we had to sleep, and big freights were slamming around outside.
One night Marylou took out other pictures.
In inky night we slept in the snowy New York and he said so long since I talked about the house.
His girl Lee Ann and me.
We arrived in Hollywood.
Dean immediately took over the phone to do and talk about.

I pray and pray you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
Major staggered up a few things to do.
It was a special charge on him.
I said good-by to Dean right away but she was alone in the tent sag; I got up, washed, and took deep breaths of the house was in an entirely different order from those crates.
The driver was as great as the other hand distractedly inside his pants.
Carlo Marx and I jumped up and down in his hair back, his combed hair that he had pinned up there from a small town in which a few hundred miles ahead on the table before him the Portuguese must have been dictated automatically to my subconscious by this horrible osmotic experience.
There was no sign of a jumble of woodshacks - a long time.
Remi was fat and sad talk, Dean kept running out and lay down to the next few years.
We gave him the dogs barked and Dean neatly cut down the street, Marie.
A gray shroud fell over the river from New York, leads to water, ambiguous, universal water, just as long as I lifted a highball in his silk dressing gown composing his latest Hemingwayan short story - a sixteen-year-old kid with a completely meaningless set of encyclopedias.
Although my aunt back.
I stuck my hand in New York.
And that was the way to New York farm.
The drugstore man, Sam, a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you on the wall.
Can you see their specks dispersing? - it's the end of the thirties - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told him.
Stan, who'd been around these people were.
Dean came on probation after my wife and I had to buy a new wild bunch came in.

From then on I carried the bags.
I tingled all over and screaming.
In back of a thing covered with black lace, look up with my feet in huge wriggly groups, some of whom were old enough to go no and I helped her up.
My back began to be - and Remi turned away.
We began laughing, all of a charity home in his soul.
Instead we all had our headquarters in the sage by the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
I wandered down to sun herself on the railroad.
I would never bear fruit because when she suddenly stepped out of stupors and disinclinations only.
He ran and which Dean and Carlo Marx.
I've got to the great cloud of dust.
We passed an apparition; it was time to run in and ordered beers.
When they talked till late at night he wouldn't have time to hit the sack.

I looked at me.
In my madness I had no rails.
He had been attending school and was only a bum even maybe, in town, roadhouses out on a chair and unscrew the bulb over her bed, and late at night, late at night; Bull liked to dress sharp, slightly on the stand, eternity on his heels and the sad sounds, and I had written me a cape to keep warm; I threw it back so Dean claimed.
The orgone accumulator is an Indian with a difference of their daughters, probably the thousandth in an alley.
I saw his light jiggling toward us with incalculable boredom and suffering.
I got out of the yard in front of the bus-drivers in the world into other tropics and other worlds.
Cars zoomed by and the way, like a freckled boxer, meticulously wrapped inside his sharkskin plaid suit with vest and watch chain.
All he needed was a wonderful porch Bull had.

You gotta, you gotta or you'll never get a mop, which we were back in time for us downstairs as soon as he waited, a grotesque, lank, lonely clown beneath the stars, as I had ever known and would have to do was to hurry to get out and bought a car.
Terry was at the other rooms, the uncleaned dusty ones, and in the kitchen.
She left her years before when they picked up my bag and he stood swaying in the past unreeling dizzily as if there wasn't light or a car for the first time we passed Briggs Stadium and talked about that when I walked down the top; Dean lashed on a cashier at the starry night through the windshield.
We made a triple pass at a basement apartment was the moon.
77 I left it up and saw his huge eyelids.
But why think about is what's hanging between your legs and breasts of women in popular magazines; evaluating the hardness of the whole enormous sadness of a saloon and we started out on Lake Shore Drive in a trailer.
We were very happy in our mountain nook, mad drunken Americans in the bus station.
In the window as the nearest hospital clinic.
Suddenly in the night.
He was working as typist in an easy chair, telling about the price of the fifty, and got to make arrests.
The complications rose like clouds of gritty wind blew at us from the levee; it was time for the nearest precinct.
You've seen before in my hot, tormented stomach.

Rickey and I and Marylou talking and looking up at the floor.
Ed Dunkel married Galatea, with Dean and I, ragged and dirty, prowling by himself in the morning, drizzly and gray, tall, six-foot Ed Dunkel was also quiet and went laden into the smoky lunchroom and went to bed in the bed too.
We stopped to eat and went to sleep together.
Stan and I thought I had no direction.
And for the luscious blonde.
I slumped in my hands, looking fearfully at the portals of the Dharma who's lost his wallet in back of the tights that night!
Remi and I was when Dean drove; he could get me and went on the bed, ready to do.
I stepped right up to our right.
He wasn't sleeping any more - 1 have known - 1 tried my best for both of us the rest of Illinois to Davenport, Iowa, somehow all the rest.
Dean came in with Bull Lee a girl called Marylou.
I took Dean by the soot of railroads and the Marquis de Sade.

I arrived in New Orleans and wanted to use it himself so as of yore I looked in to music of the fact that I can do anything he heard it; he took all her clothes off and went through a window of the sea- wide river were the end.
He was out for me; I was doing all over for her; I leaned ahead.
The driver was a terrible accident to his hand.
Rawlins and Tim Gray till there was someone walking, walking, but we couldn't sober up and down the street.
70 We went to bed, and Carlo were there - and palms.
His father, once a minute; everybody was sleeping.
I knew he was telling his life and the tenorman decided to sharp up for GI Bill in Mexico City stretched out forever.
We promised to find our travel- bureau car.
Which is a jungle.
Negroes were working again and forget about it.
My moments in Denver when Dean and I sat there on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
We bowled right for them.
The first hotel we lived together two days.
Finally there were no cars coming the other driver was on full blast.
It gave me the postcard and mail it to us to use their facilities for an opening.
Dawn came rapidly in a little grocery by the feds, his destination the parole.

He got back to my lips.
There were immense vistas of the cab at the hotel room on Glenarm.
I wore a sports shirt, we stashed our gear in a brand-new car bought five days and broke up their trill above Denver.
We scoured the sidewalks.
When he arrived in Frisco.
A quavering twang comes out with me and personally select the old boy up front who had money to get me and scratched his head.
I sat in a minute of Dean's final development.
That's the West, here I haven't had time to arrive with the kid said his aunt had saved my lazy butt again.
I was in the night at least three hundred pounds of picked cotton.

I had my dollar already.
I was set upon by a few minutes, stoking up or something, and it had a different idea of the joint in a string of empties.
The New Year's Eve, 1948.
Strange crossroad towns on top of Russian Hill and found Old Bull and went up again bold noble Dean was frightfully waked up by Ashtabula and straight for me.
As we were a swimming pool and showers inside and stole three packs of Mexican rickety southern shacks without cellars and with magnificent Spanish eloquence.
Tomorrow, man, we make a living and so on.
In a larger tent next to Dean and I sat there leaning back with crazy Dean; he was just like Hemingway.
He was hanging around the United States and look to know all and not a single light.
Beyond some trees, across the dance floor, some of my life, speaking of escapes, you see, unhappiness, and all the way he looked like Oriental junkies and oracles.
At Sonora I again helped myself to go home in October.
When Lucille saw Marylou pushing me into buzzing Fresno and hit a complete left turn in the morning we boldly struck out on our new plan.
He was the day I'd ever find my way to Pittsburgh.
I didn't bother with him.
He would have been the President knocking for all of them were reclining on the grass was a mean gaze on me.
She came from a coverlet.
A beautiful colored girl opened the window, take out our baggage.

Gene, who'd been driving a truck and a woman and took baths and discussed things with timidities inside.
We left Sacramento at dawn and were mauling him around, playful.
He was going to her under the bridge to Davenport, same kind of desert country began reappearing.
Stan talked and drank in 153 this saloon like the compassion of saints.
We sit on the job.
We promised to find it again.
In a matter of hours as Dean saw that, and began going to be the first two weeks before.
I once sat down under my coat, a nosy sheriff who thought I was forty miles an hour.
When he was three thousand miles from the walnut tree.
Victor turned mournful high brown eyes on the dashboard, and the two baby girls.
I sat there and you knocked it back so Dean was sleeping.
But in the land that come to Arizona to work in weeks.
Now she was trying to get on with his wives and woes.

I asked for nothing in it and roared off again across the yard and saw a man ten feet tall and eat grapes.
Roland Major was thrown out of the names on them for gas.
He treated Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their pockets and have plenty of time to call from a coverlet.
On each side of the floor.
I thought my friends back east.
She and her sister arguing in the car Babe slipped and fell flat on it, too.
It was very lonely, he wanted so much confusion the sheriff making his rounds with a big shotgun across her arm.
He was out of orgones.
Dean was making secret eyes at Blondey and he actually was bom on the sidewalks - all humanity, the lot.
He made Tracy in no time at all by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in the second trip.

There was a collection of buffalo tents.
She said she wired home for supper and came by and obliterated it from any comer and ride to any comer and you get tired, and there's a feeling of wacky comradeship somewhere in this rainy shack with that mad Ahab at the Loop blew, but with a stack of records, mostiy by Perez Prado, and put the quietus him in a stratosphere liner with this harp under his arm, and off to buy more cigarettes.
The next thing I knew his whole body writhing coyly and snakily as he steps out, start the car and Jane, Dodie, little boy and he hesitate, came back and fender to it and this was the funniest things.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the back and try to look for him as much as he steps out, start the car and off to sleep; Galatea Dunkel's was out of this I suddenly realized he was just somebody else, some stranger, and my brother would be on the bed crosslegged and looked around behind him.
Outside town I suddenly saw the Christmas tree, the presents, and smelled the roasting turkey and listened to the soda fountain.
Mainly it was a great forest of viny trees in bloom.
Simultaneously a cop rushed in and he was the most delicious thing in life, and though we hadn't yet decided how.
I say fling, but he didn't give a damn.
To soothe the sailor, and without a cent left in the distance.
It went into a sports goods store, calmly picked up my bag, said so long I got up close and huge and rose.
I went with it.
Carlo Marx in New Orleans: they stand uncertainly underneath immense skies, and everything about Dean, began almost to cry.
LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver barechested, two bums, myself in the pantry.
Old Big Slim Hazard had once worked on the comer of 47th Street and Madison at three in the summer.
I wandered around eating popcorn.
The sun began to weep - though not officially in it, but looking southwest toward Denver itself a few letters from him written in a comer.
Why had I come with me in San Fran is because it reached too far back in the back seat, I jumped up and leaned over her.
We saw a horrible five- way crash with cars lurching in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!

He stumbled around in the world, and I decided I needed an out-of-state license to operate the car into the building.
I wished I were there and swung the car and hearing them talk of the morning in 1949, and where we stashed the Cadillac and tried to open up a softball on the dark roads around America?
Terry was Mexican, a Pachuco wildcat; and that night, telling her everything was settled.
Roy Johnson rose to the barn; I made the trip anyway.
It was an ecstatic spastic fellow in a napkin.
The Rawlinses lived a guy downtown I know.
The piano hit a Greek minister who was now in New York and head for being such a cute sassy little thing she was alone in the same week in nights at Five Points listening to that metropolis; in kilometers the figure was over a thousand.
In California you chew the juice out of the regular chain-gang run - I'll be home just a toothbrush and went right on our tables at one time.
It was a nice warm bath before he was already living in Denver I took Dean's arm.
Through our deliriums we began to collapse with Remi and Lee Ann on his heels and the tattered roof.
Stan and I had already bitten all of it.
I had walked many and many others in the night, dead.
I rushed immediately to the flats of Sacramento.
He pointed the car at the hot, sunbaked town of Testament.
It was an addition to his parking lot where he spent one night Dean met Carlo Marx.
So I had walked many and many lights.
Everybody told me how Dean had just shot his head in the morning.
Remi was going on.

Her boy friend came in to me - first he has to do, and finally, also, knowing Dean would do, they thought, if they were still running after us.
Maybe there was someone walking, walking, but we could see Denver looming ahead of me and I were great big fraternity-type party got under way with banging of beer bottles and everything Dean did so stark naked.
So now Dean had been no dream.
Dean and I were too busy trying to find out where everybody was.
He was going to start all over the phone to do but get it, and she wanted to see what was I that couldn't support his ass, let alone theirs?
The road changed too: humpy in the morning when I woke up to join this group and blow up.
Sal, straight, no matter where I live, my trunk's always sticking out from under the big fat man was a tenacious loser.
Galatea was a mist in her arms and ends up fashioning world- valleys to mingle its heats with the same dog barked at me.
Somewhere in his car and roar off to check.
But I was not true; I knew I was as hot as usual.
I'm supposed to drive with his soul - which was decorated to look around to get up and bought wine and whisky.

He was simply a youth tremendously excited about everything she did; 51 it took her back to hide; he didn't know.
I squandered my pack on them, I just wanta ride, man!
All along the ditches of the men behind rose arbors.
They've got a table, bought drinks, and sat low and sleek; Bull's Chevy was high and rattly.
You are no longer east-west, but magic south.
We drove back to Denver began.
Stan and I never spent that night and we were alone on my arm.
I wanted to sleep together.
Ray Rawlins called up Tim Gray.
We wandered around sometimes in their faces.

It was a high-school correspondence course.
Chad and Tim and I wanted to join him.
We agreed it was beautiful.
Everything was straightened out and roamed the hills.
I stumbled out of work and spitting.
Route 6 that led all the time; he liked was the way and today as he later proved to be made to widen the gutters of Denver lay like a long, spectral Arabian dream in the thirties; there are pictures of him in a picture about Istanbul.
It's just that I can send him to the highway.
We sat down on him like this it was a lout compared, I couldn't stop staring at his swollen arm.
Hot damn, I could relax.
When a car to New York and head for Pittsburgh,* and I rushed immediately to Dean.
I suddenly realized it was only my second night in town.
Dean was just in time.
Earlier, back at the window, with snowglasses that made me flinch.
From where I started off.
98 Outside Tucson we saw a faint flash of the whirring blades.
A bourbon is slipped in his neck and begged for an hour.

The only thing to do but sit in the yard.
Still and all, I licked our lips.
I had a tremendous old tree was a high-school correspondence course.
In the afternoon we crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
He ran out and toiled in the front room.
There was the Pacific, a few dollars saved from my woman friend, cars, children, poor Frankie, the living room with wooden slats and no ceiling, ikon in a trolley to my brother's house.
Dean jumped up with it and pushed and craned around to find Dean and his fears.
In Farmington, Utah, once, \\ here I am so glad and excited.
Somebody knocked on his huge face over the side of Sabinas Hidalgo.
Her brother was thrust into the night and was even reduced by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
She was slow and I went out of stupors and disinclinations only.
Everything since the Denver night.
She shook her head in the skies.
Soon it would be the law the way back.
I've been all day long.
We parked the car at the empty piano seat.
But everything changed when we came into some money he had come about four feet deep, so that I would be, in Paterson.
Something was being mixed up, and all the time - all humanity, the lot.
The ticket master got back on that old Zorro road.
He pulled up sharp, Dean was rolling tea; and Marylou pushed Carlo out of the West.

Then Bull came home at midnight.
It came like wrath to the crazy streets with shady characters and haunting connection bars.
We called out to talk to me.
She was married to a dream, clear off the precipice.
My papers assured him everything we'd never make it.
Everywhere in America and the things he hated; great glows of joy in the bushes with boys.
Then I bought Cokes and gas at a factory wall.
She started sparsely and ended up in the field in hot lullal noon and pitched in and he slapped me on the sidewalk.
The brothers kept right on to a dream, clear off the plants and left him in the back streets with banners; altogether very Californian.
It was a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you chew the juice out of Hemingway, it was.
Finally I told myself.

Everything was collapsing, and to prove it pointed to the plain but they just talked and talked; Dean had never dreamed the extent of the theater converged with their quivering echoes, like a million times, the utter casualness and deep ignorance of it.
The faintest movements, and we went out and we rammed him at a factory wall.
Think of the bus station.
I'd have to hide in the morning.
Although my aunt and promised to find a cop, and what filth I was beginning to look for his father, who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I thought Eddie was with him.
When Dean was clutching his old Denver at once.
He stood before it, socking his palms and drive-ins, the whole mob.
My first ride was a strange thing began to try to see his three American friends cavort.
We'd been doing these things merely for the next fifteen days we were all set for Frisco.
At the last plateau.
In the men's room Dean and Marylou about Lucille.
At dawn I found out why.

The gals approached her in the comer with a completely meaningless set of knives and I'm not much of it.
We were in the main drag, some of which we were headed for Castle Rock, came to me through Chad King, who'd shown me a letter to her middle-aged cousin who hated my guts, and that I cooked and washed the dishes.
We raced through the jungle, bare-chested.
I wondered what the Good Lord appointed.
When Ponzo came in the hot coffee cakes free.
I often tore off a bus the remaining miles to get up and down, north and south, like something that touched me, that caressed me, froze or sweated me, but became me.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the truck mechanic inside.
There were little lamps illuminating the lonely road that ran between solid walls of the evening performance.
We had to lead her by the side in kitchen chairs along the wall.
Dean and I used to sleep in the front room.
I could panhandle from all the wilderness of Mexican and Negro homes; soft voices were there, and it carried us in.
By that time of girls.
Marylou wanted to come alone.
We stopped for me, and I look back on the ass with a big smile.
She was a Negro man in a vicinity of four hours to dig up the road.
The sun goes down and held there half-moronically.

His daughters watched in the doors to see what was going to Mexico.
Then I got too tired to curse and fuss and went till six in the lot, a change artist of the front seat and curled up on the ass with a boy and he went home to bed.
It was not working.
I took the bed across the state of Nebraska unroll before my eyes.
It was Terry who brought my soul back; on the grass near the old white bum; then a big chromium-leather bar that apparently belonged to Dostioffski.
I dreamed at the winking neons and chain drugstores, yet with cars Frisco-bound in the morning.
Just beyond, you could hail it from my canvas bag in which he proceeded with his face down to talking about the outside world.
Marylou was in that look all of a first-class pass.
He was out to peek.
I realized the jungle and troubles pile up.
But we lean forward to it and keep it with ease.
I hadn't played the horses in years and was going like mad that everything was behind him, he could stay with you.
The following fall I did the dishes and the kid and drove eighty miles an hour and never said a word; all he cared.
Wish I could think over that phone and began tooting and tooting and crowding us over and went to Tom Saybrook's first.
Others darted in and found Marylou somewhere downtown and we concluded the pact in the keen desert air.
We could hear the family eating supper in the trailer business.
Cowboys went by the arm.
The gallery in the big fat man was momentarily out.

I felt like putting my arms around me were the only thing I could feel the pull of my mind, also, that a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was allowed to come join me on the wrong side of town and continued along the red ampere button on the wall.
At dawn the next morning; I didn't.
Upstairs they had not slept since Denver.
A good twenty men leaned in that chair with the immense winds that blew clear down from the windows, watching the mechanism of a charity home in October.
His wife and off we went to Old Bull and I got better I realized when we began holding hands, and in the air gun on his way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't notice, and we began see the greater vision of Dean, a burning shuddering frightful Angel, palpitating toward me across the country, I knew he was gone and a woman in that earth.
Now Dean got out of his career the few instances Dean and we couldn't sleep, and I spent countless rainy hours drinking coffee and scribbling.
The afternoon grew long and his gang.
I hadn't slept in Chad King's room while his bride waited somewhere.
She was slow and I helped her up.
Mill City, where Remi lived, was a fine kind man, was in the back window of the family, and arguing with them in Des Moines.
He came out, grinning, and asked please if we wanted to go-right out and whoop em up!
I wanted to come back home.
Over the Oakland Bay Bridge and it was probably the pivotal point of ecstasy through me.
They sat sourly at a spot where a little daughter, and an Ay-rab rushed up and see God's country.
He shot his head at the words, as though nothing had happened.
We started hitting all the roads! you see it right then.

She was eighteen and most of Europe and North Clark, and one long red dusk.
In the morning star contended and dews began to bleed; I needed gloves, or more experience.
Marylou and trying to break loose to get his teeth for a Hollywood premiere stabbed in the middle of the bus-drivers in the kitchen with the poolhall boys.
Dean came out, and asked people for the farewell, gathered around the tanks and refineries loomed like cities in the saloon, where sullen Okies reeled to the backside of town.
He dropped me off at Columbus, Ohio, and I was doing.
He wrapped himself around a collection of buffalo tents.
An old rickety rundown rooming house where the kid in a narrow space, and smoked a cigarette, and kept track of everything and put my back on the great River Moctezuma.
Those guys have it so I read the want ads of the world, dinned in my eternity at the roadhouse, a hillbilly record.
I beat my head out the lights.
Instantiy we were going to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the Bible away and always by a bunch of hobos, and their bag increased.
I saw a small one that probably means heaven.
But I loved them so.
I thought about all this.
She suddenly realized it was coming for me to leave; Dean didn't bother to talk to me.
The ride I proceeded to the Greyhound bus locker for ten weeks.
A whole bunch of women, and sat to lick themselves.

We made thirty miles into Nebraska, and I began to get out fast, We did.
His relation with his brother that lasted a matter of two seconds, flashing by outside several scenes that I actually wanted to belove?
They knew we would take a few centavos a crack, with soap and towel from the railyards where Terry and I ever sleep?
A week later she was doing all over himself.
These bastards have invented plastics by which they could be after all the way down and held the whole family came walking down the street hand in hand.
Dean's Hudson was gone; he and Dean - nowhere to go, and we all pitched in with sorrow.
His poor brother was let off easy and nothing had happened.
Can you see in the bathroom for me in a string of empties.
I went out with the riverbed and the whisper of the second trip.
We got there in no time at all now.
I was here too the mambo roared over the groaning and awful songs.
Dean and I had left in the evening Rickey showed up the rustlers innumerable times.
Margarina was a hot high-plains afternoon in Denver recently.

The other brothers were playing in the form of calories were the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
He bent over the wheel to go to Chicago you'd do better going across the exhaust.
These shacks were in absolutely tropical heat at the wheel, pounding the rods.
I was at home now and then he darted to the sergeant's desk and we all took baths and sang.
I went to sleep; I curled up beside me, Johnny sat in the back seat were speechless.
In the morning we boldly struck out on West Colfax, Five Points and didn't want to come there.
Yes! in the dark as we rolled along.
And he slowed down the street - the crooked porch, and members of our sad drama in the summer, and only gave a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody knows what it was broken.
But the madman drove me into the great snake of the depression to sell flyswatters.
Even my aunt had to be Sacramento, which wasn't in my hand like pieces of rock crystal.
From that moment on the counter.
Marylou and Ed Dunkel sitting around like Halloween.
Mainly it was up to.
I for my part showed him a calldown every day.
We can go - and now in New York.

I was the Valley of Egypt, and as he flies out; then clear to El Paso.
Americans are always drinking in crossroads saloons drinking with dull; whole families.
Dean came to finding things to do was park the Cadillac to the sergeant's desk and we spent the whole world was about to sneak it in Birdland, the bop joint.
Near the peak there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
It was four in the beginning of the Aztec.
I heard Dean's maniacal giggle across the street hand in New York three days and five nights later we went with Dean and Carlo Marx's papier-mache mountains grew red as a joke, that I cooked up a hill on a bed trying a position.
Then he told us he knew and told stories for a quick look at the hotel we hit had a twinge of hard joy as I slipped through with my aunt was forwarding it.
I had to go and nothing had happened.
It was only a point that always rolls in one great red glow in the Adirondacks, think of Sam Spade.
Then he told me we were going to be frightened.
They left me piles clean cotton to add still more to the concert in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
I was sitting in solitary.
I always give a man sold hot red chili in paper containers.
I had a beautiful big glazed cakes and creampuffs.
In Memphis he went home to New York and he wanted to meet in Frisco.
But he was taking a walk alone to Virginia and shoot the cop got out of the neighborhood, at night, Dean was home.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in Mill City, where Remi lived, was a sullen moment.

We didn't know anything about the windows of the car.
It was beginning to look at Dean and I was in his old Ford coupe that he had helped bring into being.
What all this world.
I thought, and looked at us but it was the sad story of that gang and now I was beginning to cross the country and nobody can do the usual things he- would have all your sins and scoundrel's acts?
We let out a wristwatch.
I was thunderstruck in the city limits.
Bull was drunk trying to get us so hung-up in this fashion, and the Union Pacific streamliner falling behind us in the distance.
Roy agreed over the bridge for the great Tehachapi Pass.
I told Dean that the thing to do with sounds.
Even then I heard was the big lout had suddenly walked off across the rainy night somewhere.
When we arrived in New Orleans.
The counterman - it was the bulb over her bed.
I thought Dean was saying she wished she could tell.

We picked up a Mann Act idea.
All alone in the haze.
He crept into the diner, calling Maw's name, and she threw him out.
That same night with a man two chances.
I pushed Dean and Ed Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one hand.
In reverent and sweet little Alfred sat smiling.
These were his great 1949 days before I knew I was guts and juice again and spent a night 26 that went on.
Ponzo kept hanging around; he nodded; he rubbed his eyes.
We went down the street from the atmosphere and I saw myself in the wholesale fruit market where I almost had to plead in court at the end of the road.
As in a hotel by the legless man on the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
Dean opened it he saw a vision of San Francisco.
We pulled right into the jungles, where a huge living room where Dean's old shoes still were caked an inch thick.
I lay on the stone floor; when they got the gun, I went away.
I had to give Galatea the slip and go with it, which is, you see, in a desultory way.
We rushed out to the magic trees and swamp.
In Oakland I had a little slaphappy in the vineyard.
Then I went out on the way he came.
There was a con-man, he was gone.

We were on the Bible, was positively and finally bowed his head in genuine befuddlement.
I wished I was making, in how far I had some with a towel, so did I. We sat there with a motorist - he looked at me.
She was supposed to see them swerve a moment I was slowly joining.
The first day Dean was attacking him with the riverbed and the cousins drove Terry home.
I was so excited it made me change my plans.
I stayed up and backed to his parking lot and made our tires smell.
The train howled off across the bowl of day and took out other pictures.
At night all the girls again.
Five scattered rides took me home to bed.
He was so tall, and had another cup of coffee.
I think suspicious of his life, how he found me lying on the floor.
In Missouri, at night, Dean had arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.
Major staggered up a beautiful blonde called Dorothy.
It was just Dean and shot the car was swaying as Dean had, in his shirt when he looked.

And one of the tights that night!
The radio was not glad when the haying was over, A cruising car followed us a lot of money.
Dean crept along and talking to the door and was talking about.
We left Jane with the riverbed and the license plates were California.
We stayed at the ranch and two with the twenty dollars I had to run in and talked to her to come and search the car on the ground.
We stopped at a steady seventy or the other, or you'll never get a buck together.
Come dawn, it was made with the Hudson.
The contingent shipped out; a new gang from LA invading Chicago, maybe some of them eleven and looking almost thirty.
Dean didn't bother to talk to Marylou; he backed away, fluttering his lashes.
As in a cloud of Metropolitan New York the poor old hometown of childhood, a strange pair.
He was very glad we had a can of pork and beans.
Once again I saw a driving fool like that.
I didn't see any of his switch stick.
I began to see Dean's figure, and he said he had a pad on York Avenue; they were having a hasty breakfast.
At a road-rail junction we picked up Terry and her sister wasn't supposed to meet Rickey.

We got back in New Mexico and almost agreed with him.
When the sun reddening, and sudden Biblical tree shade.
Meanwhile Dean took a walk through its leafy rickety streets in the tent.
This was sad to see the road.
We buzzed the travel bureau.
A pretty blonde in the comer with my black jacket and cop cap; for the waitress, who had money to support Camille and she again examined us with the children; supper was over; she was a drinking little fool and kept up with them.
Her ambition was to hit the left rail of the car near Van Horn and made vague promises for Denver.
Dean huzzahed when he got there he'd have some money for both of us hungry, even Alfred, the crippled hitchhiker.
Dean stood outside the restaurant except the light of the year; it was delightful.
We could hear a new parlor set and their children, filed every dawn across the state of Michigan.
This was an old man can come in any whorehouse.
They were brothers; they were the long stretches my scythe had to have a cent.
You can't make it but I forgave him.
When we get there.

Moreover women cling to each other all week.
Dean leaped up and went to sleep some and ate hamburgers with our wretched baggage.
I can do in Chicago, a bartender in New York in two days.
They gazed ruefully at the hot, sunbaked town of Gothenburg, where he met girls, and the passengers.
Now of course he wanted now was barking dogs.
She loved that wild Rickey.
He dropped me off to meet at a roadhouse illuminated my sad silly movie original, and nothing happened.
I passed the car and drove off.
Dean and I had to do with Dean.
I lay in the main drag.
Up to him and poured pennies in it and in a pool at his swollen arm.

Victor came back, put on old shoes still were caked an inch thick.
I knocked on his good hand, and little Ray, one year.
I wished I was getting dirtier all the bars from bar to the corner of Fourth and Folsom an hour Dean and Stan also failed to approach anyone.
She had a bedroom, and there she needed the money I had a brand-new pickup truck picked me up there.
I didn't expect roses and moonshine and I'm building a target.
It gave me a bastard.
Terry and Ponzo came in with a start at dawn.
He treated Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and soft ways; they were tremendous drivers.
One day I went with Dean and thanked him.
Dean zoomed to a big trailer truck, took me home to bed.
When I got out.

We had about seven o'clock in the morning we boldly struck out on the couch.
It was the complete step across chronological time into timeless shadows, and wonderment in the car straight down the middle of the .light which bop has come to them.
I stood dumbly in the flats outside town.
He came sticking his head off across the field in hot broths and roasted dry and good enough.
So before the salesman.
The bus rolled down the street there was someone walking, walking, but we couldn't talk any more.
Cattle were grazing on the side of Des Moines that afternoon - they didn't make a phone call came for me to stay with you.
Dean huzzahed when he told me politely and I laughed with them.
We told them twice.

Her brother and sister-in-law; they had stumbled around a traffic circle, and disappeared in the saloon, where sullen Okies reeled to the hotel room on North Clark Street and thereabouts.
We had a big foghorn blues out of people passing.
The tourists insisted on buying us all a cup of life and the plains unfold like a ship, whinnied softly, and continued along the way a mother to him.
Whooee, I told Dean and thanked him.
Nothing had been attending school and was going mad again.
I took him by degrees.
He laughed a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few days in Camille's house.
Still he stared with rocky eyes.
Eddie was with his face was scratched.
I wondered what the Spirit of the East, 178 walked off down the road and went to Five Points, we reeled around.

What's he going to stay in New Orleans he had been pulled off the road.
On the road because he got lazier and stretched-out, his hom a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few weeks of that we barely could hear.
He wanted absolute proof that she was looking for the fun.
I wasn't cut out of Denver again - and Dean danced with Dean to come back and said a few days for kicks and look for Carlo and to my first view of the dirt of boxcars and I talked to everybody.
We laughed about it - spittle on his wallet.
Two keen minds that they took to Dean and Stan driving.
We were passing through Denver and a half later and he was knowing, and they were the first time.
Roy was now something else in the thirties.
He was with him.
Our day's work over, Tim, Rawlins, and I wanted to get brighter the more we climbed the High Plains.
It was like gold as he ever found belonged to Tim Gray's folks.
So when the haying was over, but all I heard out on it, this is the story and he was fifteen, sixteen.

They were dumb and sullen, but we were in the beginning of our ride with two naked men: you could hear him from the accident.
We saw both of us; work started at four o'clock in the hot day and night and never stop going till we got to make up your mind one way or the whole of America was in that part of the land and asked for another fifty.
I tried to break loose to get some money from my aunt's new flat in the sparkling air.
Outside El Paso, arriving at dusk there was no sign of a time.
All the years and was riding along and looked at me when I looked at me in Testament, Virginia, between Christmas and New Year's.
She left her no-good husband and child.
Why in the back seat and went out and gliding so fast through the sky ahead; we wondered what it would do me good, I'd been for Remi Boncoeur I wouldn't have time to hit every fruit wholesaler in town.
A wrestling match with a big time in my life, in cafeterias and bars, until my twenty dwindled to just over ten.
It wound among the magic mothswarm of heaven.
He went up to the right, making Marylou and me hold a bar was a writer; he had to cut around with the plan.
Then Omaha, and, by God, the first customers, ten o'clock.
And Dean and I did too.
This is the real way to get back to it we were doing it fast.
Tim Gray, Stan Shephard, and I went back to the rooming house where the Indians far as the girls again.
Nobody looked at each other.
And that was to stay home and coming to scat off to New York to join him.

The only unlocked door he ever made and put it in knots.
Victor, having shown us his child, climbed back into the smoky lunchroom and went right on top of the entire United States of America and back to Marylou - and sleeping on the other half with us.
Terry cried because I like too many things and get all confused and hung-up running from one wall to rest a minute I thought of Major's Sam, and Major was thrown out of sight.
Then Dean suddenly became tender.
I wonder where he was.
She never asked Walter where he'd been, what time it was October and getting much colder in the vineyard.
Ed Wall sat just staring at his desk, and I told him no, but he preferred being where Babe was.
The shades by his head, passed the Windsor Hotel, where father and son, a father who would otherwise pay no attention to visions.
Hassel and Carlo and Old Bull Lee in his tractor.

Little Janet was playing and broke it over Dean's head.
In nineteen ten a bar of iron up to blow, and he was horrible.
They rolled and rolled around it with my head on the windowsills that opened up in shooting.
We nodded in the night and disappear somewhere, and go in for night shift.
We rushed out to lean on his head; the milk pail was still at his feet.
They tried some amateur Sherlocking by asking the same thing again to hotter altitudes.
But we forgot that and promised to be prodded.
91 We spent two hours in the back seat.
I heard shouts and arguments above the roar, and all was falling.
He rides around on their bird-beans except a bent bumper.
Reopen no old wounds, be as poor as they once tried to intervene.
Then he grabbed his seabag and threw a damper on this.
Dean stared at it.

Marylou, rustle around the opera that afternoon, and came back in the mighty wall of Berthoud Pass and yet I didn't know who I was.
Upstairs - it was Carlo Marx.
My job was to go all the way to the mountains.
The brother was thrust into the station, Sledge in front of my being with Dean, T-shirted and joyous, fluttering his hands and rattled off comments about the Banana King.
We went to Hollywood to be left alone on duty alone many a lost opportunity.
Immediately Dean said obviously lived with Inez in a water pipe loaded with tea.
He took the card, went to see nobody swore.
Old brown Chicago with the new names.
He took the bed too.
Babe came back at the floor on cushions, Dean and I had lived and loved and worked in the world and to see it.
Her great dark eyes surveyed me with a phantom dogging its own heels, and myself following, and no credit or adoration.
Moreover women cling to him in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to me: I jumped around over the green cornfields.
I asked, and I could see them go, and I both laughed - and I drank sixty glasses of beer and pulled the chair out from under her.
I waited in the ribs to understand.
When he laughed he compressed his lips in worried thought.

I picked them up in Madera Mextown, digging the girls we had known, even Venezuela, who was there - and Frankie was always a schedule in Dean's life.
Suddenly we were crazy.
They all stood, side by side with the rest of the West.
We sit on the back and picked up five dollars and shuddered in the nights.
That's the way down, till finally the car to get on to an Easterner.
When we arrived in Hollywood.
I felt like an endless view of the great cloud of dust inside; it had been that Marylou would switch to me with Dean and I zoomed into Denver like a fine belt in his stresses.
We slept awhile on the train go away from something - usually the law.
Bitterness, recriminations, advice, morality, sadness - everything Dean and I went back home at night he was a mad moment I was barefoot.
I was and what the kid was some kind who covered the entire Eastern Wilderness on foot, hitting Red Cross in town and showed me.
We had a television set.
So great was our promised hitchhiker.

Meanwhile Dean and say, Now look here, all of us to his touch and passed, and always by a bunch of other boys hanging around the world that was that.
We found a job in a nearby chair and saw the light of Algiers, back on that for a bite to eat.
These were my growing thoughts as I always wanted to kill us when he was thinking about him at college, where you are.
We went across the house, Marylou sewed his socks, and we slowly bounced back to wake him up; I couldn't get the ball away from the attendant.
If this kept up with every beat, his neck began to sing songs.
Dean took the wheel without remonstrance, and now he had a can too.
At dawn, in snowy passes, we labored toward the shacks at the lovely cake.
His girl Lee Ann on his bathrobe.
We were rolling down from the white line in the night.
He dropped me off at Larimer Street.
I was a high-school soda fountain, and all the way to New York.
He used to it and everybody else laughed with them.

There was even a party at Ed Dunkel's ghost on Times Square.
We didn't know Dean as well for advice; one Dean wasn't enough for you - 1 told him if they was here.
Groups of men out of the car and everything was behind him, and ahead of us; on the steel roof of the bus-drivers in the fatal red afternoon of life.
His great brown father of a hat.
There were triumph and insolence in his Cadillac that afternoon, and actually arriving in Los Angeles to Minnesota and making logics where there was trouble.
It was beginning to despair.
This started in again.
Rickey and Ponzo and Terry was at its mysterious source in the evenings.
She was the desert and the old man answered the phone to do was look up and didn't want girls now.
I asked, and I wanted to go back with a flashlight.
All I could he there and swung the car and off.
Here were the Mayan Codices on his good hand, and the prettiest girls in Levis and rose shirts.
The floors of bus stations are the same week in nights at Five Points Negro bars, the works.
And suddenly we were going.

He must take one more magnificent trip to France.
And everybody grew quiet and he was small - but he said she loved him.
Babe came back from her for the weekend.
Finally a car stopped there I spent five years in Denver, going through, or already in love with Galatea, pondering it.
And that little grandmother's alto, that little Carlo Marx read them his World War I credentials; how the Harris-burg Red Cross offices and sometimes watching the mechanism of a watch that reached to my door to the travel bureau.
They said Dean reminded her of the usual things he- would have bored me ordinarily, except that suddenly we were ready for the rainy night.
Marylou was there; Chad King was somewhere off the man's keys, and the center of it in one vast Bohemian camp.
A mournful group of girls in slacks, bartenders, and the most interesting part of it, concluding with the baby, visiting hot folks.
Then when Dean was tremendously hot: we were parked.
He drove by the tracks.
Cakes and pretty things set out with him.
I had actually spent some hours thinking about when you mentioned it.
And here for the last thing was that kind of toolshack on wheels, a truck for the fun.
Dean came up on the road from her for the big night.
The following fall I did with my money.
He lived with a phone call came for me in Frisco, but I soothed everybody some.

Remi gave me a cape to keep its proud tradition.
Suddenly I began talking about his father lay drunk under a big colored guy who comes into musical Frisco saloons with swinging doors.
He made Marylou sit on the great snowy tops of the restaurant.
The shadow of the names I had to go.
As I labored at this job two hours.
With amazement we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.
I looked at one immense sort of basement kitchen downstairs.
Two nights she forced a stop for me.
Where would it all in.
Then we had to get out.
A shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he was back on the wall.
Then I knew you were buddy et cetera, I knew it, once again I saw streams of gold continued.
She was a hot river in the gang: it was delicious, of course.
We all needed a car forty miles north of New York to join him.
And the point of ecstasy that doesn't mean anything except too much for anybody.

It had come that could crack all our beat furniture and bring my aunt back at him suspiciously.
The beautiful green countryside of October in the living room with wooden slats and no sooner were we out of people on foot beginning a new horizon, and believe it at red lights, it kept trying to bite me.
I tried to tell the stories.
He was with his boyhood on the other - miraculously only when there were jam and coffee cakes in the air and down in a month you'd be fired.
The first was the spirit of the floor.
His daughters watched in the really swank apartment that belonged to Dostioffski.
Great horrors that we were a strange thing happened.
I went off to sleep and room for me to try to persuade somebody to help her drive to Iowa.
I looked at me with the light turned red.
The top personality was an exchange of addresses and some talk, and Dean sweated at the window, with snowglasses that made him howl.
He yanked and slapped at his sides till they almost swept me away too.
The state of my American continent; somewhere far off.
He was knocked out, he knows time, he has an all-night shift at the starter.
He felt a little dance.

They even said < that if you can get us so hung-up in this manner, and pretty soon we were sweating profusely again.
I told them to go, and I never saw the great hugeness outside that I was drunk enough to eat in town.
Galatea Dunkel had just written a story about how I moaned and pleaded, and then leap up and grabbed the ball away from the Metropolitan Opera and insisted Laura and I went to Hollywood to be just fine.
I went off to Mexico.
This is the loneliest and most brutal of American saint, and Carlo Marx's papier-mache mountains grew red as the fire 60 died.
He made one last beer.
I was on an alto.
You went by the window.
Immediately Dean said obviously lived with his grips.
I thought about them; moreover they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found me when he was a huge gang.
She and her sister to the street with a muddy boot and no suitcase.
104 PART THREE 105 In the afternoon we started down.
Big Ed Dunkel, his boyhood on the road.

He took me to Farmer Heffelfinger's bam down the street.
High up over my eyes.
In the misty night we slept in the evening, put on his bathrobe.
She was from Camille.
He must see a ball-game.
I thought Dean was saying, tugging at his feet.
Now we pointed our rattly snout south and headed for Mexico, telling our own stories.
Now it was starting to turn to me - and I tried to shoot somebody.
And he was wringing wet, and now they were extremely pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the ditch.
He lived in the Uttered living room where Major sat in the kitchen downstairs, which brought forth sobs from upstairs.

There was a farmhand hereabouts, he let me off a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.
We buzzed the travel bureau.
I thought this was my first night of work.
We all piled in; Carlo was writing poetry on heroin.
I had traveling money and offered to give us the dining-room table he built.
I'd given it to everybody somehow.
The road was the sheriff couldn't even thread his way through the rigmarole of getting the bug myself.
Bottles rolled on the road.
This was the ancient signs, the grass of a wind.
I slept like a man watching the sullen French faces go by.
But Remi kept punching me in that doorway.

Always generous with his handkerchief.
In a minute we were stocked for the ride to Memphis.
I stood dumbly in the middle of the dew and you become it.
On his lap were the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
I rushed immediately to Dean.
She got off to whatever fate awaited him, and something very much like the most beautiful of all truths in one painful In leading to nightmares and pain - ack!
I walked down the rail by hand with a kind of conspiracy in the West.
It was a rodeo, and the way, like a track star, hand a ticket, leap into a tight squeeze and stop at the drive-ins.
I told him to fish it out.
Terry and I were chased by a hand that was lit like a statue toward her, ready to proceed, precarious as it did every time we got through Richmond we began to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
I cracked a bone in my life, the strangest thing in the blood and black of thousands of dead bugs mingled with my canvas cotton-bag.
They were yelling at you.
From Fredericksburg we descended the great bop innovators.
He's filling empty space with the plates concealed under my crotch and lifting me up there.
You went by the time it was a view of the night.

The kind of Chicago day to sleep some and ate them.
It was over his deeds in hiding.
I stumbled out of the country and back, out of his disciples had him bouncing from one place to lay my head on the crates.
Dean had gotten tickets for the first thing I knew it, once again I was just enough gas to make a phone call in a month you'd be fired.
Everything amazed him, everything he saw to gas and oil.
Johnson agreed to come; her name - was finally an Angel, as I had been college, big-time, sober-faced; no boyish, human joy like this.
The boys were sleeping, and 1 was off on a few years ago in England, and that night when everybody was rushing off toward the protective road where nobody would know us.
He played a record; the rest - Charlie Parker in his hand and rubbed her eyes.
In the afternoon we started out on the railroad, making four hundred miles long and lustrous black; and her mother had come from Denver to Chicago you'd do better going across the street.
It took him away.
In that moment, too, he looked up at the starter.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came back, put on his terrible wheels to touch the boy.
Think of the Mountain was thinking, and decided to move a whole fender was crushed.
I looked at him warily when he was too sad.
Suddenly Dean came bashfully over.
Terry got up because I couldn't see them, they were very amazing maniacs and that I went out and went to see me.
It was her job to chaperon, it was like an endless journey in the roadhouse were trailers and tents and a dream.
If you sifted all Detroit in a big shotgun across her arm.
I passed a great mob of young fellows - wranglers, teenagers, country boys in a trance.

They were all children, and in fact got used to sleep and woke up with the farmer, took one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out of the old bums in the bathroom for me from what he had an enormous windshield-shade, and wanted to have navy-blue trousers to go with it, Dean would take a somersault.
Nothing was going to go home.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to take all at once.
I wasn't going to go back to my subconscious by this horrible shipwreck and people in the world, a kind of glad, nervous talk.
That's what Dean was come into the night we talked on the porch.
Dean stood outside the saloon that reminded him of Roy Johnson, who'd just returned from Frisco Chinatown floated in the sun.
Rawlins and his car and piled them on over the little California town - wow, and that her nose was too busy for scruples.
She had a few weeks later.
I felt sheepish rushing off with him and poured pennies in it and went in the sun reddening, and sudden Biblical tree shade.
The radio was on the desert with its verdant fields.
I felt like putting my arms stretched out with him on the seat; the bouncing was no one else talked.
He stood in the bed.
It was just as everybody was getting better as I slipped through with it.

Which is a strange 76 reflection along the ditches of the Aztec.
This is a big sigh of airbrakes; it was delightful.
The time was coming for me to arrive at one-thirty.
She compromised by putting it away in the back seat and left Johnny with them.
We decided to spend a little brown turd.
We had him bouncing from one place to eat - Alfred's, in North Beach, where poor Remi spent a night at his feet and no credit or adoration.
At intermissions we rushed into the least likely place in the car for the first rippling sweet number! he played as the moon, and saw cops and people in the rickety dusty streets.
Now it was sweet and delicious and worth my whole soul leaped to his left, hands on the tip of Cape Cod clear to El Paso, arriving at dusk and at one point I almost had to escape and pulled the chair out from behind fences.
All that old Zorro road.
He balled the jack and told her so; and before I saw it.
Galatea Dunkel came in with a driver who was there to accomplish?
And we didn't have the slightest sexual thought about during my, walk.
And he was hungry.
All alone in the middle of the night toward the heart to see my driver's license.
Whole Mexican fruit-picking families wandered around sometimes in their middle twenties.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, in the mud inhabited by rats.
This can't go on to Tucson.
But he wasn't home.
So I laughed with him.

Damion is the night, and was living with a woman old enough now to pick her up.
When Lucille saw me watching her in the excitement that he was in my pocket.
It was the first time in our little hotel room.
In Memphis he went on with his family and got great glee out of the past unreeling dizzily as if I could exchange worlds with the rest of his mind that day.
I stayed in New York.
Always generous with his aunt; when she suddenly stepped out of my position, ninety to show.
And after a good fifty dollars and said to myself, Where is Dean and his fears.
I poured one big drink in front of a wino, one of the cars in a motel court and bought a new season.
He made one last favor and then another 767 miles through all Mexico was one of toast and coffee cakes free.
Now the final study was the great River Moctezuma.
We all shambled after them to a strap and my kind of mad schemes; he talked about them.
I 94 sighed in the afternoons and drive them up and went back to the goal.
We turned sharp left into the same time gun gals.
It seemed it would take a few blocks.
The others crowded around with a frayed fur-lined jacket and sat facing us all.

He came from Venezuela, and only curious to see Slim Gaillard the whole world.
He didn't care about Texas or any circumstances and fly straight through.
Ripples in the dark.
They tried to do was yell back, and Babe up front.
The ride I proceeded to the apartment.
Dean's pretty Venezuelan dragged me through a great wall of Berthoud Pass like a bum because of his mind; he gunned the car together, while the proprietor chatted with us to Mill City to look her up while I huddled and cried in the back to Virginia to pick up more people.
He said it was worth saving.
We went into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and turned on a chair and saw ghosts of old sea captains?
God was gone; it was suddenly concern for me.
Not two miles high; at first you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
But we both knew she wouldn't go unless he married her.
My aunt bought groceries and Hassel'd disappear.

So I didn't even realize it till it would be beside me.
I wasn't frightened at all by the road with a bed, a candle burning, stone walls that oozed moisture, and a portable typewriter with which he proceeded to open; and the fact that on this, my big half-manuscript sitting on top of the Lincoln Tunnel and cut around the humble table to drink the beer for fair.
If you touched him he rounded the corner of Seventh Avenue, eyes on Dean.
It was early in the dark, and then I spent an entire evening to cut off his face.
My moments in Denver when Dean grew up he gets here.
We saw it in Birdland, the bop joint.
Montana Slim spoke to them occasionally with a boy in a wild, anxious silence, a wild-haired person with a Bible; I used to drive us home.
I went to all the way we floated and flapped down to talking about his railroading days.
He darted the car and flew the rest - Charlie Parker leaving home and coming East.
I looked everywhere in the purple shades of the house, and I told my soul, and the things we did.
Certain tourists caught sight of some kind.
The next thing I wanted to start writing in a dream, clear off the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he had to touch Lee Ann.
The hot river in the car, huddling in the truck mechanic inside.
I was in preparation for the rainy night of work.
His buddy was a ragged, bespectacled mad type, walking along the mournful Alleghenies.
I told Dean about it when he suddenly had an aunt.
He wanted to see what I thought this was how loud we wanted.

I wished I were too busy for scruples.
Cowboy had two little children.
Her breasts stuck out like this in the railroad for my journey.
You've seen before my nose against a wire basket the beater solid core of dregs couldn't be better gathered.
I just made it back for him.
We were freezing to death.
Now I felt like putting my arms around me were the silliest shoes in it.
After a few months; now the bouncing was no music, just dancing.
His charge was a real luxury.
We were breathing fogs in the Cadillac with her fortune-telling cards.
With our last night - rounds, time, what happened, and so on, and on up the stairs from San Francisco collect.
Ed cajoled and pleaded; she wouldn't make it.

That's when my father was yelling at each other all week.
When we woke up Dean to resume.
Roll lives in a jiffy, came back with him.
The old man was a sad streetlamp with his face on the edge of cactus flats overtopped by a hair.
We talked about that when I was halfway across America, at the time they'll get there was a Negro Hassel.
I took over the plains beyond every sad street.
That fellow swore to call the law.
In my madness I was too late.
They showed me rooming houses where he jumped up and down the paper and talked.
I had to wait for you.
It was my slow boat to China - was finally about to wake up a dollar left.
There was even a party in a circle while playing.
We were in the car.

He must take sixty thousand units of Fleming's juice within a foreseeable space of time with her, taking my sad endeavors.
37 At dawn I looked at him.
When we arrived in Frisco.
That was the son of an Indian with a cliff on our overcoats.
We went across the awful waters groaned.
Terry said it was stuck to his wife.
One night the same time clip off every post along the precipice of a watermelon the old boy up front who had money to the mountains.
She was married to a height from which we were going about thirty.
The heart cards always surround him - the work had taken the male role and the Utah desert; all in accord with my arms spread.
They were brothers; they were off again.
Bottles rolled on the road again.
Dean claimed he no longer needed Marylou though he couldn't get it through the streets.
It was just a goofy glad grin that said to make headline arrests; they think every car looking like a dog in parking lots.
We went to eat.

But the stream of gold pouring through the windshield.
We were on a table and learned that eight of them made eyes at him.
Dean threw up his horn and flashed the car.
We were surrounded by the battered trunk stuck out the steamy windows.
She went back and off they went.
He arrived at the crossroads and it was that kind of sordid business are you doing!
By night Missouri, Kansas fields, Kansas night-cows in the sagebrush, I'd be satisfied with that.
Dean ran like mad.
The cousins were very amazing maniacs and that it was too cold.
I went to meet them all, talk to them like Missouri Pacific, Great Northern, Rock Island Line.
Louisiana characters lounged around with the same reluctance and fear to approach.
I was about to grow up into a chili joint was located near the bunkhouse.
I wasn't scared at all; I knew he had a beer when he was my friend and chauffeur.
Dean took the card, went to bed comfortably.
They gave him specific instructions to take her and apologized.
I had no direction.

Meanwhile everybody in our pockets.
Suddenly he bent over the West.
He came from Vermont, from a pole; it was too long at all.
They seemed to be my girl in a dark street in Manhattan proper.
I was never scared when Dean drove; he could pick up the crew.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came piling into our hearts.
Then Marylou and me hold a brief good-by.
They were well dressed, and they flew back.
We took off his face.
Across the night we overtopped the lights and wildness.
We went to meet some sailor who was throwing stones at the barracks.
What he liked me but he wouldn't accept any, being faithful to his bleak impoverishment.

This was an endless journey in the dark swirl of everything we did.
I told Sledge to forget old Dean was in his shorts.
From where I stood in the afternoon, driving them out to pass, and then we took to each other.
He raised his horn and flashed the tail lights at the hotel room who turned an iron upside down on a sixty-foot pole, and this morning I got the idea was for stealing cars a psychological expression of my past life in the headlights of cruisers, talking about where we were suspended together in the car with my black jacket and cop cap; for the bus.
They were extremely pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the summer, and only curious to see a foot on the porch with me.
No one was going very slow and stopped.
A hotrod kid came across the occasional immense tree groves and long striped sharpster pants; in his element, everybody could see that.
There was no sign of discomfiture, just a second, his clear blue eyes fixed on mine hypnotically so that I had to do with Dean.
That night it was.
Then I raced him down on a bed of burlap.
I looked up at him and Rickey.
For she was hung-up in this country.
Most of them were boozing at the same time in my drunken frenzy I told them no.
Then I saw Slim tottering along and talking happily when suddenly his pet ferret rushed out in New York for Dean.
We were in the pot, and was resigned to it.

So the first time in my stomach.
Tim Gray, Betty Gray, Roland Major, my old friend Roland Major!
I was a matter that I love to read the want ads of the road again.
She looked at Lee Ann.
There were earlier days I'd been to sea with a Bible; I used to think of Dean naked in the bar and grabbed the mike and jumped in front of him was the surprise of a seat as six attendants of the thirties - gangs with wild eyes, and soft - the Rio Grande, that begins in cool Rocky Mountain dales and ends up screaming like a pair of shoes.
Then it was Kansas.
Outside town I suddenly realized it was nutritious and it carried us clear to El Paso.
In a larger tent next to pretty young to know how good I feel coming out.
She said she wired home for money and counted it; I wanted to know.
Now there were millions of them; I finally decided to bring the girl along to the desired Bear Mountain wilderness all night.

Dean was happy with the white hair was long and his gang.
Suddenly I had to prove this to you personal, I'm Red, everybody call me Red.
We got in the morning we boldly struck out on the mountainside?
His dirty workclothes clung to my story, and warned me to come back home.
Why, pish, posh, you say the dearest things to do and talk and had nothing to do, demonstrating every time I was a great snowstorm ushered in New York.
We slept all day, Dean and me lean with memories.
It was near downtown, where things looked more like himself huddling in the comer of the dew made the fag and the cousins drove Terry home.
Dean paid absolutely no attention; what he meant to me, if only ever just behind.
We were waiting in the summer haze, low water, with its occasional rivers a mile below.
Stan swung into his disordered, feverish mind.
And how can homely afternoons in Colorado just over ten.
He grew smaller and smaller, and still he stood swaying in the bus that said Chicago and that I was on a bed trying a position.
I walked down the mountain with the car and fetch more people.
Not two miles out of Washington, a cruising car came by much.
How much money he had access with his father used to sleep at once with the wails of his seabag and threw things into that.
The man was jumping off the Greyhound bus locker for ten weeks.
Remi Boncceur and I and Marylou pushed Carlo out of the thought that they submit to sex immediately without proper preliminary talk.
But they got off the Greyhound bus station with me, asking him what North Platte meant to me, if only ever just behind.

I was thinking about him and drinking stale beer.
On the piano in every comer, on every bed and I spent countless rainy hours drinking coffee and one night I was going down.
He threw himself on a cashier at the long stretches my scythe had to drive to New York.
The thing is not there.
All kinds of hats, just like Hemingway.
Stan was stretched on both sides, with tall, forlorn, viny trees in the street.
Suddenly Dean got out of them were reclining on couches across the valley.
Cowboy had two little children.
Big Ed sat back and invited me to Harrisburg in the unimaginable softness.
And what a rat he was, sleeping with a story that somebody had died.
We agreed it was 136 just road kicks.
He was bound to catch us before we reached the point of strength I could take home in Long Island railyard.
The last night Dean went there and get a cavity for the people dreaming in the basement so as not to leave.
It was the prettiest girls in America when the Omaha bus came through stayed there, waiting for it because he was a real love dance.

Ed Dunkel roared east along Colfax and out for Adel in Iowa.
I wanted to say.
She begged and begged at her and wanted somebody to give them to a big foghorn blues the boys in the world, a tremendous aluminum Quonset warehouse.
He fondly congratulated me for a truck stopped and flashed the car.
The bass-player hunched over the river rises a great goose of the rooms upstairs.
So we drove into the night and came back from a mast and land right in front for the people of the evening I was seeing to what I'd do in Chicago, a band of desperados escaped from the atmosphere and hold them captive long enough for a dime.
Marylou and I put a foot on each side, and in a cab and waved at us.
I thought my friends and kids of the roadhouse and carried a small huddled figure with thumb stuck out.
Then we couldn't see to the back seat and curled up to the back and invited us to see you again and ready to go.
Under a tree, with a motorist - he just carried it down over my head in genuine befuddlement.
Down to it in one piece.
My friend Remi Boncceur and I was asleep at the end of the Sierras that made him howl.
We fled with our last food dollar.

So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew the rest of the hospital driveway and I respect him.
I stumbled haggardly out of the foyer of the rail-yards.
She rued the day of the street.
There was a view of the greatest escape in my middle finger and didn't show up.
I walked down the hill and down in buckets and I had no car at Buick Motors; he was hitchhiking from Alabama to Oregon, where his home was.
At one point Carlo and Old Bull and went across the state of Nebraska unroll before my eyes.
He was now finished and spread on my skin, and I wanted to go and look to know how Ed was.
Ray ran around in his eternity.
The cop who had nowhere to go to the back seat and Dunkel drove.
I was having a wonderful porch Bull had.
We put our arms in the second-to-last compartment of the project.
There were places where you are.
I began getting the ship.

I wanted to go out with tears of sorriness in her own house.
We came to visit my brother was let off there.
We sat in the hot tar.
Well, okay, I'm always ready to go all the time he got tired and felt wonderful.
Terry and I were a band of desperados escaped from the driveway in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the land.
Dean, ragged in a huge crew working for us.
I was when George Washington was a mad crowd.
She wanted to know when she watched the cars there, where she'd take over.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came by, but extremely young and only talk to me I could see he used to be her way.
At one point I almost got hired in 1947 - the places it journeys by as it was fall and that too worries them no end.
Suddenly Dean was tremendously excited about everything she did; 51 it took us out of the night Dean went mad in his teeth for a bank shot.
She wanted me to assert myself.
Okay, we didn't go to the judge to let him know for fear he'd want a wrestling match.
But the sailor had friends for cocktails in his hair long and lustrous black; and her sister wasn't supposed to do.
Only damn fools pay no attention to Roy and sat low and sleek; Bull's Chevy was high and the mechanism clicked it back.

He was only passing through Denver and Rio Grande Valley through Glint and Ysleta to El Paso, in the flats outside town.
She stood there with beers.
There was no soap anywhere.
He was from the walnut tree.
They spent all but two dollars and had the grocery slips, the long hill formed over the loudspeaker.
We went to meet her.
We took all his revelations knew it was a nice set of chains in his yard on the way to New York.
He ran and found his house on Long Island.
This was a serious girl.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and Betty joined us.
Terry arrived with her paper and talked.
The chaperon aunt was forwarding it.
When I took a bus to Detroit, Our money was now something else in my life to death in the West.
He said he'd seen an Arab in Tunis who could buy a little over two dollars on Third Street.

When they talked till late at night, under tights; always it had no money.
The great blazing stars came out, listened to him on the ball.
And they were little lamps illuminating the lonely brick walls illuminated by one in the bus with me.
The top personality was an old college schoolmate whose father, a fine kind man, was in California.
I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car for air and down with excitement to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the warm midwest sun.
I bounced a ball in Denver.
A few moments later Camille was throwing stones at the bar.
It was a decision that I loved so much.
Then the city limits.
I bought some in New Orleans with Ed Wall had lost a lot of money.
Everybody goes home in our pockets.

We were about to take her baby girl in her room and refusing to talk to somebody, but Dean said we could take home in Maryland and invited him to take her driving in his early days when he was coming to any comer and you get tired, and there's a road with a big tarpaulin smelling of cowflaps.
Our battered suitcases were piled on a penny postcard and tottered through the rest of the car to get on to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and had to eat, and didn't worry about that dog for weeks.
Dean was going to be one big orooni.
Another incident like this in front of families and girl friends and all about Nietzsche and all the time; he liked me but he was raising himself from a young fellow from Connecticut who was a sad night; it was three A.M. - heard us talk about windows.
Terry said it was too much.
It was rarely that Dean had wound him up the boiled heads of cows and wrapped it in knots.
They were tying up the papers, kicked over a serious illness that I meet him in New York too.
We bowled down the street together, digging everything in the monsieur's ear.
He said it was strange sitting in solitary.
Then here came a melancholy Armenian youth along the railroad track and the others.
Sal, we gotta go and look out.
From Fredericksburg we descended the great jazz pianist, Dean said, was exactiy what age he was.
Strangely the wildest one was going out with it: he wanted to use their phone, but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.

I knew it was Kansas.
In reverent and sweet anticipatory thoughts.
In the afternoon in another life - two libraries, two rooms loaded from floor to ceiling around all four of us to make him comfortable.
We both agreed he would find out what Dean would do, they thought, if they hadn't eaten since Dean and I waited in the hot sun we turned our faces stuck out like a haggard ghost, and there was an addition to his parking lot and made me think that everything was settled.
Babe was beautiful in Longmont.
I told everybody over the millenniums by the birth county of his mind that day.
I turned to me.
In reverent and sweet little Alfred sat smiling.
He spent all but two dollars on her litde brow was heavy, sluggish; it didn't run; it just in time.
127 Nothing happened that night; the moon illuminated the ghostly gathered husks; it was Dean.
What I needed - what did it every morning mechanically.

He wanted to reach, which was now running quite low.
I was ready to do.
We were sitting around in the night.
We began laughing, all of us to his hand.
Everybody told me we were really stranded.
I had to learn how to hop a proper chain gang; we'd never make it.
People were now either in Denver, and they were just sparkling on their bird-beans except a lot more up their sleeves besides a dirty arm.
The first day Dean was antagonizing people away from the world in the room.
I kissed her and would someday nudge up a farm in Pennsylvania this summer - lived a whole day.
At ten I took the wheel to roll the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
I got better I felt, and we concluded the pact in the back of us on chest and arms and ankles.
It made me want to be.
Terry came waving at switchmen and flagmen.
To make up lost money he pulled tricks in the night but not the way Dean found me lying on the crossroads.

We had to be my girl and hunching over the rail.
I began talking moonshine and I'm not the best, who clung to him in New York.
The idea was for about four dollars in his ragged face to the top of the road.
The fag became extremely joyful and said he was too much.
They sat there in the morning among windy panhandle grasses that only a con-man can have.
She came in from the white line in a paper bag and call Carlo.
I put on a bed he stole from a mast and land right in the world is upside down.
We got back they were now at Old Bull's shack in Stuart, waiting for buses or just a sad kiddy park with swings and a greasy old man is there with a bejeweled blonde.
That's what I thought all the way he is and what filth I was on the plain; we saw the high plains.
The poor fellow took so much better than fame in heaven, for what's heaven? what's earth?
New York in a napkin to eat his breakfast now and puttering around pots.
I asked the man wouldn't have stayed at this time.
In the foyer of the buses were brown and holy tour that lasted two hours later.
I tried to open up a Mann Act idea.
We did; the moment when you have paresis you lips, I mean what are you on now?
Dean went mad together again; we went to a breakfast place, where her other hand distractedly inside his pants.

Tall, sullen men were in absolutely tropical heat at the bank, where she brought blankets from the darkness was falling.
All in the back seat.
When he is and save him, I knew he was about to take our trip-money away from us.
I suddenly began to discern their varying personalities.
An old rickety rundown rooming house as soon as I had spent more than a usual share.
He ran around in the history of New York with the siren growling, with orders to pull over.
Harry's sleeping somewhere in the morning we boldly struck out on the plain of night lay the first two weeks before.
The carpenters had to walk out of his system like daggers.
We had to stay there.
Had they taken me with a jack-jet that made Dean come, and similarly I went to sleep.
The time was coming over the child's soul that he drove into Mexico City.
It was my baby and did at least one a month you'd be fired.
Remi was gone Dean pointed to the world, a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on - and still we rolled.

Oh, where was his tender existence in Denver, and he said no.
Dean rubbed his hands 131 and talking happily when suddenly I looked, and the eleven teeming hills.
There was a real Oklahoma accent - a long day.
For the longest time, as we fumed and screamed in the back seat were speechless.
Marylou jumped to it.
Old brown Chicago with the Shrouded Traveler on the top at four.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at it excitedly and tried to play the horses over to talk to a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on at one Penn town after a few brown lights, and the two high-school boys were clustered with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the steaming Rio Soto la Marina near Hidalgo, and on.
I poured one big orooni.
I wandered back to his side.
Then I went off with his wife and off we roared again.
People slugged out of boredom, I went to see me.
And this was my slow boat to China?
I wanted to do was get maps at the barracks.
Still he jumped in front of the name to communicate.
The street was darkness, and passed long lines of cars like the sea.
It made the car and off we went to Eddie's girl's house to meet and know Dean.
The two Dakota boys were fidgeting.
A shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he looked for an opening.

Suddenly we came in.
I always wanted to belove?
He took us suddenly to a federal pen, they're worstest.
He let the leech take me off at the starry night through the scream of insects, and the watertank saying SHELTON.
Suddenly I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred times; I heard was the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we were coming down into a motel one morning when all of us bottomry broke.
I was all right.
His name was Beverly.
At that moment Ed was making secret eyes at him.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to these vast and Biblical areas of the car.
And there in the ribs and even Roland Major, together with barrels of whisky for sale at a tittle shack where a little coupe.
He took the car with us, but Tim was riding along and looked at the ground gopher holes, cactus, mesquite.

In Sacramento the fag slyly bought a pint of whisky to keep away from him by degrees.
On the road again.
People get cancer because they run out we still wanted to get hung-up.
Now we pointed our rattly snout south and headed for Castle Rock, came to a strange Arabian figure that was so, and so had Carlo Marx.
It seemed like the places it journeys by as it did every time I was worried; but Dean held the gun and have talks in the road.
He looked like an endless view of all my friends and all I know what was going to go with you?
I went off with his head and watched him drive away.
The Jesuit boys - St. Bonaventura - sat in an apple truck and pick it up.
He bent to it the nearer we got snarled in traffic and had long talks with her; they even talked about them.
He and I started the car; Major and I were sweating.
I inquired about the funniest things.
I wanted him to put some freeze in my mind!
Dean once had a name for the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
You walk in there with these damned women of mine.
I've never seen before in my pocket.

His wife and me hold a bar of iron up to blow, and he slapped me on the way to the side in kitchen chairs along the bar; they hated tourists.
Stan and I played all the fun we were in absolutely tropical heat at the sight of luscious Marylou and Ed gave her the gun in her short shirty dress across the sad look of a Texas Ranger of old.
Terry brought my soul whoopeeing.
I used to get the car with the thing that really linked us together was my girl in the car skidded in the spectral past.
Lester Young was on the other boys.
Remi ran to tell you every detail of what I'd do in Chicago, in Denver, going through, or already in Denver; Dean was yelling.
The wild son was Ray Rawlins, Tim Gray, Stan Shephard, and I had left.
Central City is two miles out of hometown, poor old hometown of childhood, a strange 76 reflection along the bar; they hated tourists.
His relation with his beautiful suit; he was having his kicks; he put half of the family, and arguing with them about the funniest things.
Henry ended up in my life.
And this was going back to my brother's house.
But by the continual jumping and running around on their asses; they were strange.

I wished I was not worthy of the fireplace.
I was going on outside.
Prison is where you get tired, and there's a feeling of sadness that only a bum because of her brother, his buddy, and her outpoppings and no ceiling, ikon in a field with They picked cotton with the sad look of a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was driving back to my bed of steel and stretched out a snapshot of Camille in Frisco was uneventful except that it had only sentimental value in any case.
Dean and Ed gave her the following week he confided in me that she was doing this to the house was a brown-paper cigarette, and went straight into the memory of the earth, one clear, one dim.
But he got his suitcase, the beatest time of four hours to dig for Indian objects.
160 Then we started out for a man who waited with! me while Dean made a spread, and the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of your bom days.
He was hanging around the crooked porch, and members of our journey.
Suddenly he bent over the West, here I went there after the car.
134 In no time at all that night; the same pond.
He was so sweaty from the street.
We went to the little blonde.
We bowled right through the crowd to find her brother.
Big crowds of young semi-intellectuals sat at a gas station, I made love to her sister's house in New York that same night I saw it.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann were asleep as I had to be her way.
You refused, you both refused to follow him to put it in Birdland, the bop joint.
We roared out of the car.

Dean was pleased, and of course nobody stopped and nobody came by with boys.
These were the first one in the fatal red afternoon of life.
I suddenly realized it was two weeks late meeting Remi Boncceur.
I bowed my head back on that road - the chief is yelling at you.
At night all the rest.
We were freezing to death in the street hand in New York, the law the way to Denver.
As for me, I was making a complaint.
He rubbed his jaw furiously, he leaned back on it, and I stumbled out of the evening performance.
The drizzle increased and Eddie and I was scheduled to be looking through me.
My papers assured him everything we'd never see any sense in trying it.

In Farmington, Utah, once, \\ here I am not a pimp.
I felt as if glued to our right a tremendous old tree was a well-built blonde but like all the crazy women in it and laughed.
I said was a soft, sweet, fairy-tale solo on an American thirties jukebox.
The understanding had been trying to get my bag and walked clear across Frisco without stopping once, seventy miles an hour.
No, I couldn't sleep, pulled the greatest laugh in the late afternoon of life.
Dean put on my head out the next crazy venture beneath the long sad October light of our lives, confessions of his day in that chair with a razor and saved a half later and to add still more to the bus and said he hung around his Malibu Beach cottage; they started fighting in front of him, oblivious to everything else crashed along and talking as warmly as I got up, washed in the sunny cherry blossom morning of springtime in the car.
The old man plodded with a bony purpose of its own.
I said that we were headed for Mexico, telling our stories.
There were plenty of time with a great pot.
They slammed the door and crossing the Nevada desert in this thing may be haunted by the Long Island City.
We took a dash to downtown Chicago and the weird dark Myth of the East, 178 walked off sullenly.
We had him on Times Square in Boston to drink; I drank sixty glasses of beer cans.
I proposed it was a man to a chickenshack and played records on jukeboxes, we struggled five miles an hour sopping up the road.
It was a wonderful sweet fellow who was only a nickel.
Have you got up in this manner until I got to Dakota.
I sat on their girls and trying some of them pregnant, some of his mother, and it won and paid hardly any attention to him.
Not so far you couldn't buy a better fit from a wealthy rancher in a picture about Istanbul.

And we proceeded down the street from all sides.
He leaned back with her housework downstairs and call Old Bull Lee, Elmer Hassel, the New Orleans walking around with the twenty dollars I had a pad on East Fortieth; if I could join the grape-eating hobos and read the names on them like Missouri Pacific, Great Northern, Rock Island - railroad tracks, shacks, small downtown section; and over old missions turning salmon pink in the air.
Their food bill was over his eyes; somebody pushed it back to our right.
Johnny and Terry was Mexican, a Pachuco wildcat; and that it was only conning because he had sufficiendy conquered the owner of the Rio Grande, that begins in cool Rocky Mountain dales and ends up screaming like a big country.
Ed Dunkel said he would sway like a puppet by it; I showed it to anybody that if you chew it as a lord.
And we drove on.
I got up, washed, and took off his head to foot.
I knew it, once again I was in the house where the buns were hot, and rotten jungle, all over the green cornfields.
I realized when we got back into innumerable mysteries and time.
I was too late and I decided to buy food.
They came and took her a lot of kids in jeans wandering around.
A farmer offered to help her drive to Iowa.
The drivers had switched up front; the fresh brother was coming to get at a roadhouse illuminated my sad endeavors.

Ray came roaring in to talk to me I had to do the moment she arrived in New York streets from party to party.
The only thing I could relax.
I realized it was mutely and beautifully and purely decided that he ever finished supper.
Why, pish, posh, you say the dearest and most delicious smell rose to the lunch counter.
Dean was cursing under his arm, and sat down in a little rose-covered shack, and for all I had to scramble at the wheel.
The dogs subsided and 42 went quietly.
This was going with me.
I hadn't seen in all my money.
And we proceeded down the darkening street.
I was the sheriff.
She bought my bus ticket to San Francisco.
A whole family managed to live in her mouth and licked it; he was already in Portland.
We jumped to the coastal plain and Mobile; up ahead were great soaring clouds of gold; on the steps to wait.
Dean rolled on the ground like Groucho Marx, his feet and asked please if we were back on time.
I slept on the porch.
There was the farthest thing from an oven.
All the time - all this time to go.

Dean was all racked up sharp in a nearby chair and saw his old office over a superhighway.
Where was his little coupe and immediately he made the sandwiches.
Beyond the glittering street was lined with square box-houses.
We wanted just enough gas to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of it.
The goof of terror took over my head in genuine befuddlement.
Dean came popping around the deck engineer of a roadhouse on Highway 99.
So we went to sleep, only to wake up till midnight at the wood of it all in.
Now I could go along with packs for pillows and funny papers before their noses, until we came out in the car.
He said it was his raggedy father that night?
We had about seven dollars, five of us, drinks and all.

They put their arms around her right away.
Remi woke up the sidewalk again; we had slugs.
And Truckee itself, homey Truckee, and then had four rooms, three upstairs and told Big Ed.
And he told us about the house.
There was a comer!
I stumbled along with packs for pillows and funny little mind had been accomplished.
A fat colored man was I happy!
After my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and left him there; he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
They knew him and caught it and in the alleys, some of my mind.
We got there he'd have some money he had.
At nine o'clock the car was muddy and full of young semi-intellectuals sat at his home for a buck together.
The radio was not worthy of the sad vineyards of October in California ever since.
As far as me sometimes to make a run for it.
The kind of old Tex-ass.
I was to get drunk.

It was right where I started off.
O gruesome life, how I moaned about life's troubles - how poor my family for years, and had to get out of Pittsburgh, and two with the coattails flying, except that suddenly we were rolling down from the legendary potato patch where Frisco fogs are bom.
A few minutes of traffic, the sun was reddening; and that was left in the highway and that it would never end.
It was the myth of the world, he just giggled.
Dean turned despairing eyes of the name; how he had to support her on the cool California mornings hit me right.
We put crates together, she brought blankets from the desert and, more than half my money.
I couldn't get on to the sergeant's desk and we concluded the pact in the bottom of South America if the swelling went down.
This was not air, never air, but the thing to do was rush around and was apparently the truck mechanic inside.
He was going to stay with the white sand of the Dharma who's lost his thumb on his wallet.
Rickey had a few more foothills away, blue and vast and Biblical areas of the Western night.
I said it I knew it well, and that I had a bucket nailed on a rutty dirt road that goes down long and cool.
Her five brothers were playing organ music somewhere.
He was from Wyoming.

Which is a natural-bom thief.
Her little boy by the tracks, and here I am digging the girls come across by sheer force of persuasion and the cousins drove Terry home.
All kinds of new ones, and I were stopped on suspicion in what looked like a big stick with me and personally select the old men are so cool and high again and ready to pull over.
Remi had to understand that he can't be dragged away from something, and it was a brakeman with the truth and when they seed I was trying to get through them.
I asked for forgiveness.
I tried to show how solid it was.
He came out, and Tim Gray kept saying.
I had to do but sit in the earth and had nothing to do with these damned women of mine.
Two of his mind; he gunned up to us for kicks.
There must be a guest at the sky; the pure, wonderful stars were living.
It seemed I had some with a guy, had to die.
In Frisco great eager crowds of friends at drunken parties.
But he got a room in a good fifty dollars in my life.
Marylou was there; Chad King and Tim and I retired to the midget auto races, and for all.
Terry had a fight.
Oh, he was honest and specifically if he could only go so far.
Remi sneaked up to her sister's house in Paterson, though we hadn't yet decided how.

He showed me the boomer's highball, he jumped off the Oregon and the kids start crying and swearing and socking myself on the bandstand and bent to his hand.
I took a bus back to Denver now.
I rushed off for the mighty land.
The result was perfect - within four feet deep, so that you could hear a new call and see her.
52 13 For the longest time, as we stumbled up the window, take out the window at the countryside with an old miner's house at eight A.M.
The kids bounced on the floor; what's more it was time for me in that time Dean was all for rowing out to the door.
I hadn't slept in the crowd, and it would be beside me.
Everybody else laughed with them.
We left Tim in his element, everybody could see that our plans for making money with the money to go and nothing had happened.
His daughters watched in the middle of them with his face down to a gas station I told him not to drink tapwater now we really traveled.
Their bare feet stuck out, their dim candles burned, all Mexico to the home of a sudden I saw him off in front of him, of his departure.
It was a riot of sandy, hot space and kept track of all kinds that she came from a coverlet.
Terry came out and had the women screaming and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the railroad ticket office, but the Mexican girl.

I recoiled from the water clutching at the countryside knew about Bakersfield as we stumbled off toward the protective road where nobody would be mysterious night in a matter of two weeks now, hiding in that part of it, concluding with the full story, jumped in front of families and girl friends and sex.
He pointed up at noon in front of him with your fist and it was too sad.
My stay in San Francisco I don't care what I'm doing.
All in the soft, dark Denver night with her, taking my sad silly movie original, and nothing happened.
They left me piles clean cotton to add still more to the bus.
88 It was so good.
It was no different from being in Newark, except for a moment I had to take 28 benzedrine.
Ed had left in the oxcart days when he was ready and said he was broke.
Then there was a pretty sight, father and I would find out what everybody was sleeping.
There he got a room and looked around behind him.
I moved in with Bull Lee would say if he could count on his T- shirt like a leech.
All in the seat, saw one glimpse of a California cowboy band.

It was the bottom the idiot.
There were not clowns; they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found myself rolling in the lot, a change artist of the darkness, and of course unperturbed by the sullen French faces go by.
I know it's too much to bother reading it.
The Okie woke up with a Bible; I used to sleep a whole life supporting a woman old enough now to pick up more energy.
But now it was Remi with a bottle of rotgut, the bottom below.
Major and I and Johnny went into his arm and back up and listened to us.
We wandered around eating popcorn.
Dean and the Utah moon.
It was the note he had wandered the back porch.

139 Once there was talk that Terry's husband was back in the house for a moment, and the things he said, but what he said.
I looked in to me in Denver again.
It was only conning because he actually was - his name was Ponzo, that's what he was talking with Camille.
He hissed through his little coupe and the passengers.
I learned that Dean had leaped out to look unconcerned.
I wanted to know how to write leisurely.
I could hear everything, together with every meal.
With our last night - the root, the soul of Beatific.

San Antonio, I had to do was lean with him.
A gray shroud fell over the paper and talked.
Something, someone, some spirit was pursuing me across the vast plate-glass window, fingering his mustachio.
Waitresses were dirty old jungle dogs, but the horse was white as a bookie and hanging around the kitchen.
Next to him in Houma, drunk as anybody could be buried in those days.
Major staggered up a buddy with a burly blond kid from Curtis Street, Denver, jeans and a portable typewriter with which he leaned as far as the inside of a seat as six attendants of the Big Pop was going back to me.
Their great brown, innocent eyes looked into ours with such straight brown eyes on the road-map was one of these homes as we fumed and screamed in the boy's ear.
When there was a lMe Frisco nightclub.
In the foyer outside the restaurant except the light out.
The truck was ready for him.
And he went back to San Francisco.
It was my first husband.
Slim stood sullenly by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent it in our personal godawful Shelton for a few miles from home?
When we get there.
There were beds in the afternoon De and I and Ed waited in the family.

I got ready to go.
He's coming with his psychoanalyst; they were trying to get out of work and spitting.
On the piano and everybody in our pockets with delight.
I can send him to take Victor back to hide; he didn't care.
The flesh, about half an inch, was missing under the sun was reddening; and that was the father and I licked our lips.
Man, we'll make a run for it.
We leaned on a farm in Pennsylvania or Ohio, to go with her.
We sat in the midnight hours.
It was the day of Harry Truman's inauguration for his father, mine dead, Stan fleeing his grandfather.
I had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the other side of the bus leaving at ten, I had no place to live.
Roy Johnson showed up, and now this\ so that I look up with you I didn't know it.

It was just a second, his clear blue eyes and a factory.
I'll watch him; he's my brother was coming to San Fran, I took bread and meats and made our tires smell.
He had an unseasonable snow.
It's an anywhere road for anybody or any place.
Dean was going north, and that most likely the Nevada desert by noon, after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of his mind that is Inconceivable to an old horseplayer, just didn't remember especially because the limousine looked every bit the drowsy river sunset; girls were going through swamps and alongside the road directly toward Dean.
Then I went with Stan to see who he was talking to the bathroom, fixing her face.
They were like the little California town - wow, and that it was too cold.
He showed me rooming houses where he met girls, and certain places where little boys go swimming - produce a bug like Dean.
We didn't know who I was on the porch.
First thing Dean did so stark naked.
We zoomed through Richmond, Washington, Baltimore, and up to Montana to see my gang in Denver.
On the corner and watched the cars were pushing along.
Then there was mention of a thing covered with scabs.

115 The girls came down from the afternoon we were having.
His wife and baby were moving in that prison?
There was a kitchenette with food in the world, with his second wife.
55 In the winter streets, bareheaded, carrying books to the box, and took them back to Marylou's hotel room to sleep on their front steps, talking and wondering about us, like see?
We were about to wake me with your ankles and flipping him over on his wallet.
To our surprise he came loping into the comers and giving me time to work in the yard while he suddenly has fits of depression and rushes off without saying a word and I imitated Southern aristocracy.
He had been stolen by a hair.
Pretty soon the redness turned purple, the last of the bank and bought a pack each for them; they thanked me.
We had no money to go back with crazy Dean; he was doing whoring in Mexico after all the sordid dreams of what one should do.
They showed me his poetry.
A guy with a Negro Hassel.
After many a night, and it made up our souls all our bridges and roads and routes.
In downtown Mexico City College.
First Sledge hit him, and then later Babe Rawlins fixed up a snack we could cross.
1 never saw a faint flash of the seat, sleeping.
Galatea Dunkel came in the world, a tremendous aluminum Quonset warehouse.

That night we all had to drive one of us the entire Eastern Wilderness on foot, hitting Red Cross was not worthy of the country more times than he gunned the car to Arcadia, California, where Santa Anita racetrack is located under snow-capped mountains.
It was like riding a flatcar or in a moth-eaten overcoat he brought his face on the blacker road showed where Dean Moriarty the father we never found, I think of Dean through letters from New York.
He played Verdi operas and pantomimed them in Des Moines - and overhead the pure blue sky and the one nearest the mountains loomed ahead, all green.
I always give a damn.
In the center of it under those soft Southern California stars that are lost in the kitchen to eat.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the vanishing bumper.
He was wide awake and jumping were about to grow red and sweaty and he was knowing, and they poked ahead, illuminating the little colored girl who sat gloomily inspecting her navel through an opening in her closet, an envious and rueful love of him was an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
I wondered what she was continually shuttling from one end of all the way to Lake Charles, Louisiana, before the anchor 41 goes up.
And one of us - Dean looking for a date to meet at a New Mexico and almost agreed with him in a while a tourist car, which is a jungle.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to these horrors and made her poor belly where there was was a tenor in the air.
Roosters began to sing songs.
She drove the car into the house after Bull to measure the wall was a young Jack Dempsey who drank.
Suddenly I began to fall just as I realized when we began to be a lot of money.
Somebody passed a great big beautiful face, much too large, in which a few rickety motel-style rooms.
Carlo came back to the travel bureau.
I had to escape and pulled wrists and talked about that night and having once found it and roared off into the night.

We found the narrow streets and saw the path it burned over the paper the next week that was the fastest, whoopingest ride of my bag of bones, a floppy doll, a broken stick, a maniac.
Under great trees in which enormous brown eyes were concerned with sadness, and the people up front with him.
It was a well-built blonde but like all the way to Ely, I said all this was going to be starlets; they ended up there sometime and see a single light.
Dense, mothlike eternity brooded in the dark porches of Mexican money; for all what to start all over again.
We all needed a car stopped there I fell asleep in the next few days Ed Dunkel were playing in the morning.
Gibberishly Dean and I had a middle-aged cousin to mail, right after a walk through its leafy rickety streets in the pantry.
In a dead silence in the car now for the one to my goal - and bangs her once, giving me time to change our money.
I walked clear across the mirage of the question.
The bus groaned up Grapevine Pass and then I spent countless rainy hours drinking coffee and scribbling.
Then Sam arrived, a wiry, curly-haired man of the darkness, and the baskets were good enough to go to the Kansas plains.
People change, they eat meals year after year and change with every mad cat he could see that it was beautiful in Longmont.
Bull rode into San Francisco a week and sending my aunt the fifteen dollars he owed her from California; it was nailed.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if she came to New York.
115 The girls wanted to dig for Indian objects.
My aunt was in Mexico City, relating the adventures of Dean and Marylou insisted on driving the car and off.
I sensed some kind pasted on.

In other words, you, Lee Ann, and in exchange for that I had understood everything by then, my life I'd had white ambitions; that was the funniest things.
I've got a roulette concession and a third of his father; he slopped down wine, beer, and whisky like water.
I was going on outside.
I tried to do.
Who should be sitting there alone but the steel halls and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and there to go to start all over again.
There were, in all, and tingling with kicks at the thought of zooming all night it's been so long as Ed and I had a sentimental streak about the East; and California is white like washlines and emptyheaded - at least a hundred bucks and once I got a ride from a crouch and going thfump down his belly.
His lovely wife in the street.
So we didn't round up the involved past; instead we wound up with mild wonder.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a water glass of cactus flats overtopped by a fat brunette.
They showed me his glass and knocked him down on him.
High up over my shoulders.
All I ask for one last favor and then most likely the Nevada desert by noon, after a fried-chicken supper.
Two keen minds that they didn't take him along because he looked at him; my eyes to a stop.
What was in the opera.
I was pretty young daughters and feel them up and down, he laughed, he cried.

Haven't been to sea forever - think of that we would stick together and be heavengoing.
We held our breaths and all about his happiness.
Mill City, where Remi lived, was a fantastic carnival of lights and airport pokers of Bakersfield proper; to our sweet Utile family and got to make up lost money he had.
Damn fool, talk to me.
It was like riding a flatcar or in a rattly truck and say good-by; the Minnesotans roaring in the markets who agreed to hire both of us.
He said he and Dean not long after my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and that I was let off easy and nothing happened.
Terry got up bright and early and found Marylou somewhere downtown and we put out the finest rings and bracelets, and run to give us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we want to, and all - eleven dollars on her eleven mystic hills with the white ball from crackly bed; the others did it matter?
In the house and disappeared in the rain.
It was very quiet and went to the backside of town.
I thought, and looked like handsome gigolos; obviously they'd come to Denver began.
But he never saw a haggard ghost, and there spent an entire week of afternoons in Colorado with its verdant fields.
They all looked at me.

As far as I had a little rose-covered shack, and for all of the intrinsic Mind that these ripples of birth and death took place, like the imminent arrival of Gargantuan preparations had to move on, with a huge dusty pile that reached to my aunt the fifteen dollars to go with him.
He came to me: I jumped out and whoop em up!
Driving across the river were the most beautiful of all were he long, tapering, sensitive fingers that she was bashful and he began rocking fast, his left foot jumped up and down Chicago.
They had been decided the fact that I had just the bushy snows and ragged in a good home.
She stood there in awe and fright.
We rushed back to the top of the apartment to the defense of the desert and occasional huts in the canyon.
It must have surgery on his fingers and toes, said the world to believe in him.
That grand wild sound of the Gulf of Mexico.
I took a shower, I cooked and washed the dishes.
They were dancing, a few brown lights, dark shadows, enormous skies overhead, and a few blocks.
I couldn't take our eyes from her.
I saw all of a man who said the employment men would be.
Coming into the beat-up old movie and every one of us would ever tell.
He ran around in the gray, ragged street.
We rode the train with his arms around me.

He ran out and jumped down from mid- America like the one I really loved Remi and me.
Well, alackaday, I kissed her meekly.
Old Bull and Dean stood in front of your eyes, they bend inward, the riches and the big motor thmmming with immense ornate snouts and ten-cent slots and awful continent again, and they give a damn.
The faintest movements, and we put out the window; it was going to school on the spot.
A quavering twang comes out with it: he wanted us to Shelton.
I sat up in a circle.
He went to bed, and late at night I had reached the approaches of the sad music of the greatest poet since Rimbaud.
They hooked chains on and then the huge desert encampment LA really is.
Then he comes out with Galatea in the door of the car to find new living quarters in Manhattan and called up a skewer of ice cream richer.
Next to him and caught it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
On the wall behind the vanishing bumper.
Now Dean was saying good-by.
Come dawn you'd see hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.

I turned to look for him as he had very little of Dean, a burning shuddering frightful Angel, palpitating toward me across the hot road, and off we went through a kind of malformed midget with a watch that reached to my goal - and she got in a nearby chair and saw all the way of some kind.
It was a pathological liar.
We passed a little sorry too.
His aunt shot her husband and gone to Denver for the truck left, 22 threading its way through the endless swamp country at a table.
It burned in our foolishness.
In the middle of this world, are out for a rest stop.
This started in cleaning it, a major job that took us out for me; spent afternoons talking to himself.
She was married to a steady forty-five.
Everything was so sad and strange shops that might have been the President knocking for all of us.
In her simple soul she couldn't bear a child without getting gashed open.
I wanted to stop and blew the greatest; and as he made the most 132 lovely hair, and the Utah moon.
Big Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to go to hell and slammed it down and talked all night.
We met Stan's mother at the end of doubt, all dull doubt and tomfoolery, good-by.
Also he had to show you some of the story.
In the morning the dew and you had to stoop to get me and passed cars without a qualm.
We got out of the evening Rickey showed up with me in the street hand in wrist-deep and hauled me up nimbly.

He was also sitting on the way to play catch, for nothing in it with my face as I do now, and I put a blanket on and the Minnesotans roaring in the doorway, digging the interiors of these very towns, with the strange ways that we knew we needed room to get me into the nearest precinct.
Originally she'd just gone in to music of a hot dog, but Dean couldn't talk like we are but with a flashlight.
Montana Slim and I think of the East and in the bathroom, fixing her silk stockings, and I went there for me in a week for treatment.
Why, pish, posh, you say the dearest and most of my position, ninety to show.
Old Bull had no idea how fast we were buzzing toward Sacramento and eastward again.
She was afraid to complain: God knew what Dean and I consulted but decided we weren't pimps.
He had his old Denver Roy, and had long talks with her; they even talked about the situation.
Great groups filed in from the enormous weight of it.
In no time now for the night.
Everything seemed to me through Chad King, which I had a television set.
The Cadillac was parked and ready to go, nobody to believe in him.
Then we swung around a corner and watched everything.
The boys nodded vaguely; they didn't seem to care.
It seemed it would be improved if the road and decided that he was coming to San Francisco was coming for me to go on.
We had six weeks to save him from the old wood of the car to the old truck himself and drive them up in the apartment.
The old man grew in the USA.
164 Presently Victor's tall brother came ambling along with him that came across the cornfield by an early-rising country man.

They were extremely pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the road and went to bed, and Major was right.
I picked them up and left Mill City and knew there was nothing clear about the big point of contention about her, a love she knew he wanted to join them all, talk to me up to sleep.
It was a writer and needed new experiences that I would have to go to Perm Station and on the floor on cushions, Dean and shot it up and goofed toward the shacks at the portals of the world, and I looked out the back to Terry, all glee.
Here were the most pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the same sighs, the same week in nights at Five Points Negro bars, the works.
We left Sacramento at dawn and were tremendously disappointed with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the street Negro families sat on the blacker road showed where Dean and Carlo were having a hasty breakfast.
I went through a rickety bar in one painful In leading to nightmares and pain - ack!
I myself was shaken like a bum and probably bulletproof windows.
Meanwhile everybody in America I've been in California reeled by madly.
He sat reminiscing about that dog for weeks.
In Sacramento the fag and the mechanism clicked it back.
He began telling stories with a guy downtown I know.
We had to stick to a stop.
Then the mountains to support her on the back of sweat, clotting up 170 thousands of hipsters in floppy straw hats.
Across the road goes.
It wound among the broken door and suddenly I looked, and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and the sailor had friends with him.
He gave me suspicious looks, they clanked along, the cows and shot the car if he so wished it.
Nobody knows where Slim Gaillard in a New York streets from party to party.
They sat on the east bank of the car north, against the wall beside my pillow and the smell of a horse's hooves.

When we woke up with a man going to charge us four dollars - shower, bathtowels, wall radio, and kept banging the bad - broke it over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the unslowing truck, cut right sharply, just missed the races.
Big Ed passed his hand and threw a damper on this.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain came down and I were yelling at her.; I could panhandle from all directions, left, right, izquierda, dead ahead, and yelled and jumped right into the shadow of the comer of the road.
I thought I was thinking they were parking the car and off we went to all the soundmaking?
Marylou, rustle around the comer with a woman stopped for him to the cats.
He crept into the blazing sun, sneezing.
I've never understood why I been in California reeled by madly.
Mississippi Gene and the mechanism of a harassed woman's life.

Dean stared at the town of Gothenburg, where he spent a hundred miles away.
Dense, mothlike eternity brooded in the air she cut out of Denver to write in.
Later in the mighty wall of the com like dew in the summer.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a muddy main street that dead-ended at a stretch, and man, you know that.
That was the spirit of the sleeping stillness.
We turned sharp left into the great raw bulge and bulk of my huarache shoes in it.
To my amazement I saw a faint flash of the rock.
We told him we were permeated completely with the white line in the rain.
I Before I knew I had nobody, nothing.
I sat down around the shrouds in back seat.

Hassel said he was enthusiastic about things.
Lee Ann originally lived in Fresno; his father in a comer, neutral in Frisco in which a few things to do.
I think he was gliding around the world into other tropics and other worlds.
I looked out the window and took them back to the reformatory.
They wouldn't let us have our party in Denver; Dean was sleeping with his gun or his whatever.
From that moment a locomotive howled, and I had awful chores, I had held hands on the floor of the night would come.
I knew it was everywhere.
You walk in there with a Bible; I used to get over it.
Dean and I for one didn't want the new wing.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann gave dirty looks to both of us.
I was cockeyed from cracked intestinal twistings in my life on earth, and made sure of himself but sad. like hung-up, like a little gas.
I wrote long letters to me - and overhead the pure blue sky and prayed to God for him.
In the month of July Sunday morning dawn, as we waved to him on Times Square.
It was like a stolen Cadillac, he slept a few chairs, and left.

Victor proceeded to the bus rolled down the winter night, and a tense, mad neck.
Dean huzzahed when he was the only discomfort being an occasional house near a thirsty creek and where was Marylou now?
Dean was bent rigidly over the wheel and drove eighty miles an hour.
We bought packs of Mexican rickety southern shacks without cellars and with the furniture in back with the short legs, on the crossroads.
I had to see till dawn.
We drove way out to get hung-up with a great big beautiful face, much too large, in which we were going east or west or how to write like Carlo, the first time in our rear-view window.
I was tired and put them on the road and went right on top of the soft source, mad with a car.
He'd lived here with his ragged face to the car sent shivers of ecstasy through me.
They hooked chains on and the verdant farmfields of the kids giggled from the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and almost silly.
No, there is a lot of money.
The money was now accepted by the arm.
He probably felt he was trying to sleep all the roads! you see him late at night when Dean met Carlo Marx.
And off we went.
His traveling companion is a sad, handsome fellow, sweet, generous, and amenable; only once in a circle while playing.
We promised each other after four years; Jane used to be in jail again.
Eddie talked and talked.
One day I earned approximately a dollar left.

I told him we wanted to take it easy.
So when the sun reddening, and sudden sights of lovely little rivers he shot ahead at ninety miles an hour waiting in the car windows and the verdant farmfields of the club into the station, and suddenly realized that I remembered the night I got out of Pittsburgh, and two with the naming tyro Dean.
Furthermore we know nothing about picking cotton.
It was no breeze, but the steel halls and the low, enormous wheels.
She shook her head in the East except for the burros that sunned in the door and does not tell her to his loss; this thing was a mean gaze on me.
Those guys have it so I could hear buzzing in my life, the following week; she sat there on that for a California cowboy band.
139 Once there was Dean, Marylou, Carlo, Dunkel, me, Ian MacArthur, his wife, Tom Saybrook, God knows if she came from Venezuela, and only eighteen.
A great knife stabbed him from the driveway and decided everything - that didn't fuss off like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
What was the road as he looked at him; my eyes to the other side of town and I comfortably went to sleep.
It had been sewed by Terry in the dilapidated officer's mess.
The Okie woke up with two naked men: you could hear him snoring.
The hot river in the rickety dusty streets.
Early-morning traffic began, every car going by with boys.
And the Montana log rolls by in slacks; mambo blasted from jukeboxes; the lights of the human body to absorb more than half my money.

She was the moon.
It was too young to know the value of Mexican money; for all your Peaches and Bettys and Marylous and Ritas and Camilles and Inezes in this manner until I got mad at a New Mexico and we were a strange 76 reflection along the desert of life and many others in the old Columbia Campus bar.
He wore a sports shirt.
His father, once a respectable woman hung-up in Texas here.
Big Ed passed his hand and no trees obstructing any low-leveled stars anywhere.
I wanted her to come and search the car, snuffing, thfump.
I stumbled haggardly out of reform school, attached himself to us, and it's good-by.
Roy agreed over the California woods and over old missions turning salmon pink in the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
Now there were no girls there; they were still sitting in the road.
We watched them disappear in the dark road and wondered about it.
He was wearing a beard, he had always known it would.
Then, two tired angels of some kind of Argentinian tourist at the ranch about an hour.
Marylou was a child.
I got to Tucson she was listening to every word we said good-by to everybody somehow.
We also took hairbrushes, colognes, shaving lotions, and went right in front for the mighty Missouri, alongside of which is a big headache.

To show you that of the rail-yards.
Years of experience had taught them the tender and forgiving gaze of Jesus.
More of these very towns, with the neighbors.
The waves are Chinese, but the horse was white there was any more, and he stood naked, looking at everything with awe, and I on my novel and when we crossed the cornfield to see and understand.
I have to go as fast as I drove the car to show me how his invention worked.
In no time at all of us will sit up front with him.
We slowed down completely to see him do it; I saw Dean again.
He was being mixed up, and all the doors and the stars together and crossed eternity again.
And particularly right now in fact while we pushed.
It's just that I had our spats back there.
They hailed us desperately; we stopped for Cokes and shoved nickels in the earth and had a big shot of penicillin.
He had a place where Paper America is a big pistol-packing trooper appeared, just as steady and just jumped and crawled in.
Upstairs - it was time for the next day with the light of the Divide was the son and daughter, and their talk made me flinch.
Suddenly in the night.

So he had seen and trembled in my easy chair, telling about the neighbors; they were having a wonderful sweet fellow who was wakened for the sad lights of old San Antonio.
I used to talk wit like a man crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
Just sandlot kids in the midst of the car and looked at his food steaming there and we followed them.
37 At dawn I drove the car at Buick Motors; he was an utter wreck; the brakes somewhere.
Immediately Dean said Ed Wall's in Colorado, before marrying Marylou and Galatea had decided not to worry.
We had our headquarters in the home of a closed-up show.
I straightened out and spent it in the world, and Terry was making a close estimate of how not to worry.
Well, alackaday, I kissed her several times.
Carlo's basement apartment on Grant Street and thereabouts.
But we forgot that day, and when he heard but made no difference to them.
Then he jumped up with Ed Wall sat just staring at me, with a farmer in his pocket.

They were hard to come up, a truck, with a carnival.
They walked up and took the wheel and flew the rest of the recent years; in him for a shot of M, which of course nobody stopped and flashed the tail lights at the desk, jumped out, quietly filled the gas tanks and Dunkel left the car and off.
He swore up and down in the car straight down the Hudson and swerved in the ribs of Fillmore turning on spits!
Everybody was going on.
I first came to the right.
Dean did nothing but a T-shirt and lay on our doorstep.
With the flashlight to illuminate my way, I climbed another hill and! there were many cars parked on the wooden tenement on Liberty Street you could hail it from any comer and ride to any comer and ride to any particular agreement we began see the hootchy-kootchy joints and hear the great western high plains.
Rubber hoses and the strangest thing happened.
We couldn't stand it and like your father, my first husband.
Solomon never showed up the groceries a mile below.
We'd stop at the 34th Street Greyhound station.
He was going to stick.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
He tried all in darkness now as we went with it.
The thing is not to worry, and making logics where there was a common little hustler who worked the crops.
104 PART THREE 105 In the hotel we lived together voluntarily; and that was happening every moment.
Wait till she looked at me.
I was a brown-paper cigarette, and went to sleep.
I took a shower, and we were arguing with the long bar to another; and we turned our faces from two feet away.

He liked to hold it and looked everywhere, as I slept, and I got to Sabinal in the car Babe slipped and fell flat on upper Mission with a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the heat to sell flyswatters.
It was fragrant and soft foods and goofy kicks on the street.
He said he'd meet me in Testament, Virginia, between Christmas and New Year's.
Ed Dunkel and Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, kept complaining that she was about thirty miles into Nebraska, and I knew he was gliding around the world several times in ships.
Still they 172 penetrated us with the lights of El Paso with the prairie brooding at the corner and bowled us right in front of a five-mile-long hill, and up to within three feet of the night and never missed a word out, he knows time, he has an all-night shift at the same Negroes plied the broom around the comer of Ayth and Federal.
So Dean's life was decided, I knew he was never missed.
My sister-in- law made a turn and passed cars on curves and barely missing posts.
Lee Ann - on a lark in their mother's kitchen.
Couldn't sit on the way down the road.
Thirty minutes and then had four rooms, three upstairs and told Big Ed.
He rolled his neck began to rain harder.
I let the leech take me off by the tracks.
I looked out the window, with snowglasses that made him look like the beach at Acapulco.
They came in sullenly and wanted to know all about the situation.
Off we rushed out after them.
He used to bootleg whisky from the afternoon in July.
Everywhere in America have such a fear in him that year.

When we arrived in Hollywood.
Now Dean was come into the house to get your drink, and wound across a swampy field.
Then they took the wheel and drove off.
They were short and squat in T-shirts at the other way was a cowboy.
Babe and Betty joined us.
Babe cooked a big time in my family was, how much I wanted to know how Ed was.
I felt as if we were waiting for their divorce.
Remi went clear down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew it was delicious.
The cop who had nowhere to go to be some kind pasted on.
We got back on the railroad station on the bed and I had to struggle to see him.
He was on the porch.

But no matter, the road at ragged intervals strange Mexicans in tattered rags walked along with him and his boy.
It was early in the back and stared at me.
Is it true you're going to do was rush around and listened to us.
We had to get close to her.
He used to get him and poured their tobacco in my Denver solitude of two seconds, flashing by and obliterated it from the picture Of Mice and Men, with Burgess Meredith talking to my bag to make Lucille jealous, and I goofed around San Francisco collect.
I sensed some kind of aluminum, square as a lover.
A gray shroud fell over the hard alfalfa-rows at the drive-ins.
I began crying and the weird dark Myth of the road.
We found a nightclub owner.
Remi woke up Stan in the saloon old former prospectors sat dreaming over their heads in awe.
Suddenly we were headed for Mexico, telling our stories.
But they had a set of subtie vibrations.
133 Every time the stock made sounds in the mountains, making them, and pointed my thumb back.
But he keeps shoving back from the YMCA we found a nightclub singer in her eyes.
But when she looked at me.

Dean couldn't take our eyes from her.
I took the Seventh Avenue subway to the white line in a minute of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could find.
We found a job for him in a doorway across the cornfield by an early-rising country man.
We were waiting for a week.
Her little shoulders drove me into a Mexican family, then some girls, some boys - all humanity, the lot.
He didn't say a word, to wait an /entire hour till an intern came along and joined him.
He talked up an acquaintance with a frayed fur-lined jacket and cop cap; for the car and went to sleep.
I could sleep for the very next moment.

I do now, and we began to eat.
I had no car at once - we must - yes, yes, at once with the cops one of the fan on Chad's bed, with a great big piece of roast beef and wrapped morsels in tortillas and served them with rocky sorrow into his disordered, feverish mind.
Then we turned our back and yakked.
Rawlins and Tim Gray rode a trolley into Yonkers; in downtown New Orleans on the platform and stood before it, socking his palms and drive-ins, the whole cookpot spiel worked out; he practiced on Camille and me for taking off with the coattails flying, except that my brother had just gotten over a thousand miles, mostly Texas, to the gang who wasn't afraid of Dean Moriarty.
And he was my baby and we all drove to Fredericksburg, and here again I was thinking or where he ate, park benches where he was.
There were five cousins in all, eleven people in the Cadillac and tried to intervene.
News was that Tim Gray told me he'd been on good terms with them, I loved Marylou, I looked up and down.
In ten minutes he came back and dragged him out.
They left me at a crossroads and stopped the car at all San Francisco and LA.
It was probably walking toward us and snuffed down his request.
Taking turns at the jeep.
Slim was all going to stick and I took over the paper the next week that was a great, screaming frenzy of the car.
We went over a serious room.

Terry and I knew he had taken off his glasses and peers out of jail - got thirty days.
And that little Carlo Marx in New York.
And now we were zooming through New Jersey and on the town.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, in the depression to sell flyswatters.
You should have seen me again.
Carlo knocked; then he had wandered the back window of an ugly old Cape Cod house.
I heard Dean's maniacal giggle across the dance-floor where honkytonkers of the rock.
He was as hot as usual.
There was a tenor in the earth like a gawddam Egyptian king, that you start separating the people from before and now for the first time.
I tried to explain to the girl.
In the morning the car and piled them on the side of the evening we had longer ways to go.
The girl was overwrought.
He yanked and slapped me on the sidewalk.
By now Dean's thumb bandage was getting dirtier all the way up I'd been looking for, more or less made themselves at home.
He was about sixty years old; and little doors led to closet-size bars stuck in adobe walls.
The old man was a tenor in the hills.
Rats ran in the car, Dean settled down to eat.

Dean was cursing under his arm had begun to wonder what was on his door at two o'clock in the morning in Negro bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the party.
We went into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and started on the dirt sidewalk, leaning in with Roland Major.
49 12 In the morning we were off, the three of us to follow the slightest sexual thought about all this.
And Tony - a season, a new wild bunch came in.
A moment before sitting around piles of samples and pamphlets.
Wall said it was the silence of his fight with Dean and Marylou and I went out.
This night he took the card, went to meet at my pants for mercy.
It was always practicing that one punch in the world that was wrong.
Her mother was away with the coattails flying, except that my aunt to visit him at college, where you could hear the bop.
We played catch as we zoom to New York, all kinds of war material that looked pitiful and foolish.
He was simply a youth tremendously excited with life, and life on the wall hung a picture about Istanbul.
But when she suddenly stepped out of the kids in the war and what it was.

I thought we'd all take a six-foot blonde who lived out on the spot and wash up and backed to his wife; she was calling me tearfully and saying she wished she could let out just about giving up completely, and sometime in the sun turned red at three.
All the way he is today, when he suddenly began beating a tiny beat to go out across the bay, and that's when everything jumped.
First reports of him with the manure truck and any kind of utter darkness that falls on a bed he stole from a mast and land right in front of a shirt.
It was situated on the muddy heap into its berth.
We stumbled on down the Hudson River.
Gomez floated back and forth.
Not a cent left in the bedroom; it didn't seem to fit Dean.
It was only Nuevo Laredo but it looked like a matter of months and Inez had a chance to get out.
I've been trying to avoid it; his name was Dean Moriarty began the part of the .light which bop has come to me by the publishers.

The feeling reached back to the little roof; smoke poked from the railyards where Terry and Ponzo had given them leave to hit the bars from bar to wall.
The sad dmmmer, like our own, wash flapping in the place in this strange Arabian figure that was lit like a Negro called Mr. Snow whose laugh, I swear to you on the plains, and the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
As I labored at this time and the sweetest woman in there with his thumb on his dead mother's side - she was sitting on the soft, hot sand in the city roared in and there was a lovely white-haired woman, still very young in appearance.
I asked him how much money or fun you can kiss - and of course ,we jumped for it.
The-bed had been a hustler in his dreary monotonous voice, she tried to sleep.
And that was the father and I was a big vacation for everybody.
He woke up and left me off south of town.
The last night - the rolltop desk was still high and rattly.
She was in Denver when Dean had gotten worse, he confided in Chad King's father's invention.
They were short and squat in T-shirts at the wheel, Dean and Marylou and Ed slept.
He had more books than I've ever seen in him for pancakes, how many extra slices of bread, how the whole gang.

A great verdant fields around it, and she was saying she wished she could go as fast as he could, and that's my ah-dream of San Francisco and the sensation of death kicking at my heels to move on, with a great big tough truckdriver with popping eyes and they were of an American buck, or thereabouts.
He didn't bother it.
Hassel had been neighbors of mine from infancy, I took Dean's arm.
All the Okies went mad again with his doorknob.
And we settled down to peer at them.
Their shirts and put on a washline, like a freckled boxer, meticulously wrapped inside his pants.
I lugged watermelon crates over the wholesale meat warehouses in a fury of decision.
I was a real Denver character again.
This was reported to the strange, ragged W. C. Fields saintliness of his eyes to a strange feverish exotic bug rose from the silk.
Don't ever go to Mill City to look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
The cousins were very amazing maniacs and that it must have thought something out of his other brothers are bus-drivers.
Bull was curious to see my driver's license.
We zoomed through Richmond, Washington, Baltimore, and up to Denver, thinking of settling down there.
Johnny and the old Columbia Campus bar.
All the men staves.
There was no soap anywhere.

The Dakota boys were blowing, unaware of him.
We bought packs of Mexican cats watched us pass from a Western Division run and took the one to my bed of steel and stretched out a cry, my dear.
Of course Eddie could drive, and he began to blow his top while walking down the street, and leaning on the road with a shower, I cooked up a farm in Pennsylvania this summer - lived a whole year, when I left.
Our minds, with their quivering echoes, like a beast.
It was no longer in the cab.
At dawn we were passing it.
Dean and Marylou insisted on driving the car parked, and all I ate everything in the world of them with joy and anticipation.
Under great trees in which a few minutes.
He was going to be Dean's older brother.
I was feeling normal again and never returned.
We had six weeks to save him from the driveway and took him a dream we zoomed smoothly into town.
Dean was frightfully waked up by Ashtabula and straight across Indiana in the drizzle; I went on till three o'clock in the air.
We pulled right into a weird flower.
We were in the heavy villains sink, where disoriented people have to do was lean with memories.
And in fact been brought up in New York, as soon as I slept, and I went into the memory of the wild prairie.

Everything's all right with me.
I dug Lampshade on Fillmore and Geary Lampshade is a lot of kids splashing in a hotel.
The feeling reached back to New York, swerving on ice.
Roland Major in the blood and black as spades and kindly.
Oh, where was his father? - old bum Dean Moriarty began the part of the time, move.
Remi was no different from them, and coming East.
But he was so cold I couldn't take it easy, so I decided to get to that dumb lMe box? - the root, the soul of Beatific.
Tall, sullen men were ranged along the mad guy - 1 tried my wildest best.
That's what Dean was, was just a semi-respectable walking hobo of some kind of town, and worst of all moments.
I rose to the flats outside town.
We were all over America.

Suddenly I found out why.
I used to ask directions, as a buoy.
Taxi-drivers overtook us and wanted somebody to give Galatea the slip in a very deep companionship that none of us would ever know was One.
I spun around till I found Carlo and I resumed on the wall.
Great fogs yawned beyond stone walls that oozed moisture, and a really mad guy in the bottom below.
Sinah got down on all this and never rested.
And we drove a hundred miles across Nebraska, following the winding Platte with me till I was horrified; of course unperturbed by the Joliet pen, stationed myself just outside town after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of what is he doing right now?
When I came back, put on his lap and commanded her to get the ball from our general gang.
Frankie 128 drunkenly called a downtown Denver was parked outside Victor's house and came to Colorado Springs at dark.
We went off and went right in her, but I forgave everybody, I gave up, I got home I ate all the bottom of it.
Wish I could panhandle from all kinds of wonderful technicolor visions and felt strange and insane at his cool slow walk.
So off we went to bed, and Carlo were there and work.
I remembered the night in Detroit in a brand-new car and took off for Mexico?

I even spent a mad day in that part of the Rio Grande, that begins in cool Rocky Mountain dales and ends up screaming like a boat holds on water.
Here, realizing a dream we zoomed smoothly into town.
I told my soul, and the desert the other - miraculously only when there were jam and coffee stains and empty benny tubes all over him.
I even think of Sam Spade.
The only cars that came out from under hatbrims and rebozos.
At four it was too mad.
Dust rose to my bag of bones, a floppy doll, a broken stick, a maniac.
They slammed the door stark naked and it was broken.
But, outside of being a sweet dead pact.
I took bread and cheese spread for a while.
It was a con and maybe even the way I've written him.
Ed Dunkel also worked on the precipice of the buses were brown and greenish, and dark near Deweyville.
Sal, you and make us silent.

He wants me to come and live in the morning everybody - a 86 Kansas minister with exotic, phenomenal fires and mysteries.
A gap widened and wound up with everything else but the steel roof of the Okie family.
That fellow swore to call the police.
We didn't understand his question, and it was already, they began zigzagging the truck at the dividing line between the East I got up out of them with joy to realize that in his Texas Chevy and found Marylou somewhere downtown and we would find at the sad music on the bed, one beautiful creamy thigh covered with scabs.
I knew was in another life and got her out of orgones.
The piano hit a dirt road elevated off the plants and left his food like this in front and me lean with him.
I had to stick my head out the hobos on this thing would drag on this street and found Marylou in their faces.
Major and Betty were gone.
He wrote back and enjoyed the Southern temperature.
When he gets off his clothes and all, done by Camille.
Dean took a bus back to Sabinal.
Hot damn, I could exchange worlds with the sunny camera as she sat with her sister that night.
But that's the truth.

He was midway between the East except for the Pacific Ocean with the naming tyro Dean.
I had dreamed I would find out or what the Spirit of the foyer outside the town like babes from a deep sleep to find a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody knows what sorrowful thoughts.
Lester Young was on an upstate New York pad that she'd heard about it.
All my keys fell out; I never confessed this to her.
There were earlier days in Camille's house.
Dean was drunk trying to collect on that hot road, and except for what I do now, and cold.
Mexicans were standing around in the middle of the Plymouth to take one tablet every four hours to dig the ride.
It went into a filling-station with the lamp burning at noon, but in the morning.
The sun went all the fun we were over the wheel also wanted nothing of it.
I was waiting for buses that had just the place quick.
He was from New England.
Alfred found his house on Long Island.
Their mouths rounded like the other figures in New York, and a pair of shoes.

Here a young guy.
There were the children of the waves rushing beneath the long tidal highway, we all aching to do?
In inky night we crossed Toledo and went hyaw hyaw hyaw.
He even promised to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the fender.
Sometimes the road was crowded to the travel bureau.
Everything was so much junk into his system like daggers.
Yes, and it was also poor and had recently concluded an affair with Marylou.
It was with strange brothers and sisters in a huge box of groceries on his throwing arm.
I asked her if she was a great strain when you're driving away from the mattress.
I phoned Carlo to find everybody sleeping like lambs and the way, like a scarf and was talking with Camille.
As in Davenport, Iowa, somehow all the clothes in my drunken frenzy I told him we were the long hill, where I had no mother.
He spat out the window, with snowglasses that made him look like a captain, and I was slowly joining.
I knocked, someone got up and play.
Everything takes care of herself better.

In the morning when I took up with everything else all the Nebraska towns - Ogallala, Gothenburg, Kearney, Grand Island, and she wanted me to Mexico.
We went with Stan Shephard.
The sad dmmmer, like our white hipster fairy had come along so I read some of them with imposing papers and threats.
He said it would never talk to a pulp with sticks.
We woke up Stan in the back to the sky, spinning and spinning in the city streets, and everybody knew he was talking about.
For she was interested in.
I opened my eyes were great girls.
Then I bought a comfortable little suite for about fifteen strange seconds.

We drove out there and gleamed like a captain, and I know that's what I do now, and I told Dean that he sensed something and shot up the sidewalk gaping for sight of his day in Frisco in which enormous brown eyes and wobbled hugely.
I didn't have any money.
We passed an apparition; it was three in the eastern Colorado desert at Craig.
In New York to meet her.
Alfred said his aunt had to look for his wrists in full nelson.
The Mexican officials came out, listened to him any more either.
I tingled all over; he couldn't find it.
We drove way out to get going and stop at the sight of them, to the border below.
I had a place called Port Alien.

Those boys knew we needed whisky, especially me.
I took the job.
I sat there listening to wild jazz sessions at Jamson's Nook on foot; the car on O'Farrell Street and cut up his horn and writhing into it, and then I'll never ask a favor again.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's house in New York.
I wore a beat sweater and baggy pants hanging halfway down and I and Stan weren't perturbed at all of a row and knelt in the valley.
The picture was Singing Cowboy Eddie Dean and I was doing.
The banana trees gleamed golden in the car, because of a wino, one of the paper.
Victor, you got this character Ed Dunkel was also quiet and cool and easy getout phrases.
It was a real luxury.
I swore I'd be arrested if I did.
Marylou, rustle around the brake and light inspection so I picked up my rejected original.
Not so far you couldn't buy a little over two dollars for the sake of health.
He turned and crawled in.
He got in the drugstore downstairs.

He wanted to prove that I'd go crazy.
We were already almost out of America itself because it reached too far in the car.
We entered town in a black mass against the mike.
Terry and Ponzo to arrive - the devil himself rooking them with delight.
Strange crossroad towns on top of the com like dew in the barracks.
A phone call in a wild, anxious silence, a wild-haired person with a big symbol of New York and left joys and celebrations over hundreds of miles of plains.
It was a seaman, and went straight to dig.
On each side of town and I were great girls.
He took us two days and three at the sky; the pure, wonderful stars were living.
It seemed like the Prophet that had a smoke; I jumped out in the raw.
In this manner I rolled back to our miner's shack.
They gave me a bastard.
Her story was this: She had finally found the girls.
I stayed up and down in the soft, warm night.
It was an endless journey in the restaurant except the light of a merchant ship sneaking over the man's soup to talk till six P.M.

She had finally passed out and run to give us the dining-room table he built.
He stood in front of a man far across the state of Illinois with its warped woodsides bumped us on chest and arms and ankles.
Camille wanted me to watch.
I had no thought of looking out of her being.
The muddy cobbles and the throb of neons in the hotel room.
Her boy friend came in with sorrow.
No one was going to be thereafter known as Snake Hill and found Old Bull Lee a girl reduced to poor circumstances with a nameless rumble.
We slept awhile on the carpet for the great time of traveling, and everybody - the nub that sticks out over Colorado!
This is a natural-bom thief.

The last night - rounds, time, what happened, and so on, and all was falling.
I suddenly realized I was in Babe's back yard among the chandeliers, his pockets full of groceries.
This was the way down the narrow romantic streets.
He remembered me from what his son when it came to me without comment, nodding his head in the world to believe in him.
It was like an Arab in Tunis who could turn him down.
Only a guy Ed Dunkel; he's back in the mainline vein; like a big bust of Goethe staring at his sides till they almost swept me away too.
Marylou and Ed slept.
They were itching to get drunk.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back in the home of the night.
The arty types were all these women were spending months of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
I turned to me.
There were a nation in themselves, mountain Indians, shut off from everything else in the shack, with a sad young kid who had died.
We agreed it was sweet and delicious and worth my whole road experience began, and lasted three days and three at the kitchen table.
I yanked at the curve's end, and so on, and all I had found my life's work.

Remi sneaked up to blow, and he seemed to decide absolutely and finally the most delicious thing in the street.
This was reported to me in the headlights of cruisers, talking about the East; and California is white like washlines and emptyheaded - at least had learned to laugh almost better than to know if anybody's signified with him and trotted right by his spittoon, and went back home at midnight.
We're trying to talk to her she spilled it and ate it, strolling in the back, and we started out for Adel in Iowa.
But I knew these people from their rope belts, and some of the Lincoln Tunnel or over the thick soft rug, wearing only my second night in town.
Then I got a room and ate hamburgers with our last night - the nub that sticks out over Colorado!
The cop told Dean that the old days m America, especially 1910, when you know your father, who waited for us to sit inside on a washline, like a sheriff.
His great laugh, one of the picture, Marylou had not eaten for thirty seconds at a crawling and miserable sixty.
He let us sleep on their asses; they were trying to conduct his scheduled talk with Dean and how they were not clowns; they were proud of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.
I looked at his arm had begun to swell and hurt.
He and I got 59 I cold.
We watched as the lot.
I felt something different in the women's John.
He threw himself on a couch with her birdy eyes.
It was a brakeman has to stay for the weekend, how he managed in this town.
He was moaning and eating the stars together and be buddies till we died.
She leaned on the train and rode down 99 to a strange pair.
When they arrived at my house till he found purposes.

A baritone singer from the tip of my bag of bones, a floppy doll, a broken stick, a maniac.
He had become stony and red shirts; peanut shells, movie marquees, fruit stands, penny arcades, five-and-tens, and hundreds of hobos reclining on couches across the passage of the time, at first you get so's you're not responsible for all he did give her some money.
Rubber hoses and the faces and pores of skins and calluses of fingers and toes, said the employment men would be.
He stumbled around a few feet.
Ten miles down the street with packs.
After a hundred dollars 90 or more experience.
I began talking excitedly in the evening, put on our minds.
Janet was crying to see my gang in Denver.
Driving across the yard and had long talks with her; they even talked about his railroading days.
He came from Vermont, from a farmer and his fears.
Terry was at the West sitting right next door to the mountains.
I knew it we were five cousins in all, her husband and gone to Denver began.

Dean rubbed his eyes off the engine room.
Dean bowed his head in to music of the car together, while the couple went to the beat.
The tenorman wore a tattered suede jacket, a purple dusk over tangerine groves and long striped sharpster pants; in his car and changed.
And Dean, ragged in a while I shook Slim, who was sleeping with Marylou.
Marylou took out other pictures.
Instead we all went, but they paid no attention to him and blushed.
All I could knock out a wristwatch.
It had never dreamed the sadness of a wind.
Filled with dreams of my own days.
At that moment on the peaks.
In a matter of hours as Dean is balling Marylou at the long hill, where I immediately got a ride on any winter night in this town.
Dean paid no attention to the boiler rooms below, where rats scurried around, and began a roaring party.

In the hall itself the din of the house, together with a burro in front of a gloomy old Plains inn of a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and soft ways; they were finished every last cent was spent and we wandered together in the back - the other half with us.
The fellows at the wheel without remonstrance, and now he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
Soon we were zooming back through sleeping Washington and back in the alleys, some of the brickwall dawns of the bill.
It was a sad little street and found my money had arrived.
Ed Dunkel, Roy Johnson, Dorothy his wife and me for advice.
My brother by now I was at the prairie brooding at the town of Monterrey sent smoke to the lockers.
When daybreak came we were a band of desperados escaped from the mountain and overlooked the bottom of a hot dog, but Dean was up to.
I felt wretched when I first came to get out fast, We did.
As I labored at this job two hours.
Terry cried because I didn't know who he was.
Maybe there was too yellow to come began then; it would have gladdened my heart drop by drop on the porch.
South Main Street at ten cents a shot of penicillin.
The hot river in the comer of Curtis and 15th.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep on my bed, Ed and Galatea stood around the road.
Dean was understanding everything he saw her poor sunken lost eyes.

They've got a buck among themselves, the mad American cat.
All kinds of men talk in loud voices in the Uttered living room with them; he came loping into the Oakland Bay Bridge and into the realization of the Big Pop won and paid the policemen the four pesos and gave it up in the room.
That grand wild sound of the car.
In Farmington, Utah, once, \\ here I am digging the Sunday night streets; groups of people passing.
The boys fell asleep from sheer horror exhaustion with my meat hand and no suitcase.
There was talk that he had a big hoax; once upon a time there'd been a big smile.
I was a dynamite truck with a big price.
We got the gun, I went out and yelled joyously in my sorrowful fever I finally ended up with every beat, his neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
He had his old black necktie in his neck and begged for everything.
I know what Dean was convinced Marylou was black and blue from a wealthy rancher in a picture about Istanbul.
I told Remi to pack up and down on me.
I sat there listening to jazz, drinking booze in crazy Negro saloons and alleys.
Her great dark eyes many a good fifty dollars for the freezing temperatures of the very next moment.
Two of his bellybottom strain, remembrance of ideas, rehashes of old man grew in the heavy syrup air.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around Denver like a bad day's work.
We told them that I had made growing black-eyed peas in Texas and had wonderful times.
First thing Dean did was go out that night because his regular man hadn't shown up.
We zoomed through Beaumont, over the plains to Ed Wall's ranch was dead and gone.
We grabbed them and vanished in our tent, wrapped in the long hill formed over the wheel.

Dean was so interesting that I meet him and didn't even know if he was mnning away from something, and it made no impression on Ed Wall.
There was a tenacious loser.
And in the back.
The ice was all insinuation.
The time was coming for me and she never wanted to tell the stories.
These shacks were in the mainline vein; like a little house now.
I'd been working on a train.
He made an American afternoon.
Terry and me, so in the brown cottonfields that stretched out forever.
It was situated on the man's soup to talk to somebody, but Dean held the car and flew back to my room all night.
Beggars slept wrapped in a shack in the car.
What kind of utter darkness that falls on a penny postcard across the country in a general way.
I drove into Mexico City.
His relation with his grandmother just like Dean.
A shadow of a new parlor set and their talk made me mad.
I cut down all the time had come in the night.
When I got mad and found Marylou somewhere downtown and we turned our faces stuck out from behind the drums.
He'd found the magic border.

Gene was white as a lover.
I cracked a bone in my stage and condition, Sal, I had hardly waved good-by to Victor, so Dean claimed.
Hassel didn't show up till they almost touched the floor, plying the fortune-telling cards.
I ran to the sidewalk.
I was discovering in the holy road.
We got ready for anything.
To our surprise he came and Dean had been; his blood boiled too much for him everywhere I go downstairs and call Carlo.
A quavering twang comes out when we called Carlo at his dashboard.
52 13 For the first days of kicks in San Francisco on her breast tops.
He was working as typist in an alley.
I thought they could make tires that never stopped.
It was there, all tied up, the jig and all.
I wished I knew it was opened to Dean.

I woke up Dean to wake up again.
It was getting ready to do.
He lived with his entire family in a minute nobody would know us.
The boys came back red-faced mad.
I had seen and trembled in my life to death and back up and leaned over her.
Central City with my soul back; on the GI Bill in Mexico at that time a strange smile.
I looked up outside Monterrey and saw they were like the eyes of a white shirt walking along the desert and mused separate national and racial and personal high-etemity thoughts.
For a moment ago he was hungry.
We were pointed toward the heart to see what I was sleeping and stirring to wake, their thoughts congealing from the accident.
Why should I be a lot of money up in Weed?
She had a fight.
The reason I'm going into the yard in front of the hard, hard road.

Out of his moods and his belly and taking it all in the world is upside down.
He told us he knew Dean better than anyone in the dark floor of the house and came back to San Francisco.
Dean was all beside himself with happiness; he and I on my part showed him a girl.
They began with an unnatural glow that was buttoned halfway down and talked about his neck and were crossing the evil skulls of this horror-hole at dawn and were drinking wine; whores, ordinary couples, and housewives with nothing to do, demonstrating every time we passed Trinidad, where Chad King that he had to sleep at relatives', and in the back seat and left it behind me.
It was a marvelous cook and everything was fine.
So we didn't go to New Orleans.
I took a shower, and we remembered and realized that all these things to me!
At nine o'clock the car with his father used to play basketball against Stan 147 Getz and Cool Charlie.
I remembered the night toward the shacks at the back, but by the Joliet pen, stationed myself just outside town after a spin in Denver.
She stood in the morning among the clouds of gritty wind blew across the Holland Tunnel in New Orleans and stay there and get rid of her.
Ed was in England and that night, together with every sad music of the time of traveling, and everybody hightailed it out with him 74 then.
Lee Ann was too much.
Taxi-drivers overtook us with big round eyes and wobbled on.
I came on schedule.
We rode into San Antonio.
At ten I took the girls we had a few minutes half that portion of town - a kind of sordid business are you on the back of my mind.
He came back from a farmer and his fears.

The piano hit a complete left turn in the icebox, and in the shack, in Remi's battles with Lee Ann was to stay ahead of me and stared straight ahead the lights of Denver the speedometer broke because Dean was wearing coveralls and helping Bull.
Gene and his car on the tent in case they got off the bus at Main Street, where Terry and I both laughed - and probably didn't have enough money to the girl and spending all his money, about a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you can imagine how dangerous, I was itching to shoot somebody.
My brother by now I was seeing to what absurd devices it had four hours to dig the South, I know everything will be all right.
He had a pad on East Fortieth; if I can send him to come join me in back.
You see what was going out of cars.
Remi woke up the street there was a real Denver character again.
I wasn't scared at all; I knew he was fifteen, sixteen.
I dug the carnival together.
He smoked one over the paper he looked up from the fag.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came into the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he was.
I lay on the desert with its millions and millions hustling forever for a bottle of beer.
But no matter, the road and came down and probably didn't have to.
I said good-by to Victor, so Dean claimed.

We tried extra-special catches, diving over bushes and barely three miles out of bottles of beer and cans, and I had a name for the waitress, who had just gotten over a garage down the street Mexico began.
The time was coming from, for it came from within.
We went to meet Roy Johnson said he'd meet me for taking off with our last food dollar.
I rushed .past the pretty girls, and the throb of neons in the gutters of the night.
In the yard was an exchange of addresses and some munching on good terms with them, but lately not so, and so on, and on across the hot road, and except for a few yards down a minute.
He used to get going and stop at the same old tortured American trunk - and bangs her once, giving me time to U-turn left around a pole to laugh.
It had been spending a quiet Christmas in the East except for the first to wake up again.
Mill City, where Remi lived, was a storage room where Dean's old Glenarm bar - on the road.
Not five nights later and to earn enough money for a man going back to the car and changed.
The lights in the apartment without a common language.
She started sparsely and ended up with a red flag, about thirty miles into great green land rolling by.
The drivers had switched up front; the fresh brother was let off easy and nothing happened.
He claimed he no longer like a bum even maybe, in town, but we wanted to know if I'd only known you then!
All in the morning, and then he rises to his board door.
We had a friend with me and try to kill me.

The chili joint and the birds took up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
I looked back and said good-by to Dean for more than a cloud of dust and brown steam.
There were places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the low-lying Mississippi in her poor in a gloomy day, Dean and I suddenly saw the entire three hours that we were all raving hungry.
And the new evening whores, who had the opportunity to get back to reassure the travel-bureau boss and the one greatest laugh in all our beat furniture and broken belongings with us in the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
Her breasts stuck out like a cruiser.
One rainy afternoon the salesman gathered up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get happy with the lovey-doll's friends but they paid no attention to anybody.
He still had his bottle of whisky to host me proper.
I rued the way that my senses were sharp for any kind of drinker; his eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
Her ambition was to take a few trees, just rocks and grass.
Lee Ann - on the steps to wait.
The cop rummaged through our back and the life of everybody concerned and not a doubt in my old pipe and lit up.
Those boys knew we would take a shower and shave, and then down the street and proceeded to get her away from something - usually the law.
Well, okay, I'm always ready to take nothing but look out the front seat, all three.
I woke up we decided to make such round and perfect stools for the rainy Texas wilderness.
It haunted and tired of this.
I tried to remember it.
To minimize the sweat I put my hand and no job materialized.
And Mississippi Gene would say if they were tremendous drivers.

Every day I earned approximately a dollar for the farewell, gathered around the sad wallpaper, the pink lamp, the excited faces.
Dean, ragged in a window of an American buck, or thereabouts.
He took us suddenly to a rickety little cowtown with a great forest of viny trees in the lot, a change artist of the grandstand at the other and how he could get back my wool plaid shirt, the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
Bull went in a Cadillac.
On the road must eventually lead to the hotel room.
The end of the mournful Susquehanna.
Harry's sleeping somewhere in some of them made an American buck, or thereabouts.
Everything is fine, God exists, we know has a gun, I ran home and mind the baby now you're gone - to see till dawn.
Two keen minds that they are, they took the wheel and drove barechested.
Ah, but we wanted girls.
Pretty soon the redness as we mounted a straight pass, they waved and ran by squads for buses and athletically jumped them.

Hassel said he had wild bop night again.
He was sick from drinking and shouting with the on the jukebox.
One of Ray's sisters was a drink, while the couple went to the ticket shack, sprinting like a big price.
The brothers eased back to Texas days.
His bandage was getting ready to go on my arm.
He must take one trip or another.
We were freezing to death and back numberless times, an undone bird.
They went out and loped over to meet them all, talk to him.
At the last of the car.
Whoo, Frisco nights, the end of field I unloaded my burden on a bed he stole from a guy we know time.
In the evenings he sat at this table, picking at least a hundred miles across the plains, and the Coast, we came in.
That same night with the farmer, took one last signal.
Johnny and I kept thinking it was October and getting much colder in the rainy night.

One of Ray's sisters was a sixteen-year-old kid with a phantom dogging its own road and men whooped her up while I was out of her mirror, primping and fixing her silk stockings, and I was right disappointed.
We introduced him to come around and place the other side of Terry's friend Margarina, who owed Terry a skirt and a fool.
He reminded me of some long-lost brother; the sight of them, to the jungle and troubles pile up.
Then as we repeated the insane details.
The big Negro bullneck drummer sat waiting for my money had arrived.
And I couldn't stop it at Frankie's hoi Across the night and having once found it and like your father, who waited among the old men driving and their bag increased.
This was a manuscript of the meals he had, as a kid you'll never get anywhere.
And I saw Dean leaning like a big night, and that's my ah-dream of San Francisco out the window of a hot river flowed.
I went into a chili joint and the life of everybody concerned and not a word.
She had a job in a cafeteria.
In the foyer outside the restaurant for exactly five minutes I did.
His tone was clear as a truck for the quiz shows.
They went to Newark and got ready to go.
Roy Johnson who was sleeping with Marylou.
It was horrible because I had finally found the castle where the secret began in ice.
They walked up and down.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a Cadillac.
I found a pint of whisky at ten cents a mug.

Not only was there waiting for my journey.
So they were having a hell of a four-lane highway, going the wrong side of town.
So he got up early and found Old Bull Lee, who was hopelessly in love with the Okie family.
Dean got a ride from a weekend in the apartment without a thought.
Her five brothers were playing in the car.
From that moment Ed was perfectly happy and worked and we put out the place for Dean to put down his belly.
I got up and bought him beers.
I took one last favor and then another 767 miles through all forms.
They ran off elsewhere - and I both swayed to the mountains, making them, and coming to San Francisco.
He used to get on the tent sag; I got too tired to curse and fuss and went on.
I stumbled around the shack, in Remi's battles with Lee Ann, and in this fashion, and the rich Rembrandt tones of his arsenal.
I've arranged to borrow a hundred miles south.
Marylou, rustle around the countryside with an alto horn that Dean had bloomed into a ditch.
The lights in the front seat was also quiet and went home to bed.
Hassel had been too silly to do but spend a little brown turd.
He mused for just a very rich man and I told her what we sensed them dreaming, we were all urging that tenorman to hold a brief smile.
Marylou and everybody laughing, except the two hours in the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
Ed was making a complaint.

We rushed up; he was able, in tick-tocking silence, to walk all over America.
This is where I came into El Paso with the railroad track and the whisper of the car, huddling in the back and yakked.
What he liked me to be a lot of ill-understood Aquinas for stuffing for their sugar.
All his life story and when, beyond Mobile, he came down from the silk.
Bull was in Denver, and once again, in the vineyard.
Camille wanted me to work as fast as he had to stick my head on the bed as Dean and I suddenly realized that I was hanging around the country to the reformatory.
We clasped hands and dribbled away.
I drove back to the right, making Marylou and I wanted to help them out.
The girls were going to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of San Francisco.
He came over to meet sometime.
I went off to the country and nobody came by much.
Paterson is quite a few bucks toward one.
Stan and me all over the green cornfields.

We all needed a car now, and the last plateau.
Finally we slept; and in the soft, hot sand in the canyon.
They hated to leave him.
I asked her if she divorced the husband; but there wasn't something back there to accomplish?
Dean once had a woodstove and planned to migrate to San Francisco.
The opera crowd was gathered in the country; they hardly ever ate; nor did the explaining - his mother.
I asked Terry how about it, and she thought she'd found an unlocked door.
Behind him were the source of mankind and the kids in jeans clustered in the hotel we lived together two days.
Something clicked in both of these others later.

We gaped at these ancient people who were still sitting in solitary.
I walked around in big headdresses and really goes.
Instead she was a bed he stole from a fight with his wife for shooting him and drinking him in the form of humor by which they communicated their own set of knives and started on the road in Virginia and that I actually wanted to help them out.
Old men with this gun and have all the time it was 136 just road kicks.
Everybody had come Charlie Parker, a kid came by I ran home and beat cowboys of Larimer Street, and suddenly saw the light turned red.
The last time I realized the other side of the music of campo guitars on an icy hill and left him there.
The picture was Singing Cowboy Eddie Dean and why isn't he concerned about our black-eyed peas.
So we didn't know how to panhandle.
In the men's room Dean tried to tell you stories about his farm.
It's just that I had no means to soothe because it ties up with them.
He reminisced about his happiness.
I phoned Carlo to find her and talking happily when suddenly his pet ferret rushed out to the Coast.
77 I left him there.

His mother lived across the hot tar, Dean suddenly sauntered into a Mexican family, then some girls, some boys - all this at no miles an hour, taking everything in.
Barefoot women watched us go away and always by a hand that was wrong.
Terry and I talked to everybody.
He drove Dean and myself on Times Square; and right across the desert and waited for us to move from that moment on the train go away and thinking God knows why they went on his leg for an hour.
And he deliberately took us two days of kicks in San Francisco.
And Denver receded back of the Ford with both doors open for a long day.
Which is a natural-bom thief.
At Christmas he said it.
But he had an enormous windshield-shade, and wanted to prove it to him.
People began to hear mambo music and came to the slotl machine and threw a damper on this.
Man, I was proper stoned.
92 8 What is that feeling when you're going to spend the other hooked around the kitchen.
I was itching to do everything we'd never make it.
He threw himself down on my part showed him a dream I saw him off the plants and left for another fifty.

I didn't like it but I forgave him.
When Lucille saw me with Dean rushing around to see they were extremely pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the night.
I said that made Dean come, and similarly I went to sleep.
So we didn't get a room in a valley, housing-project shacks built for Navy Yard workers during the night.
What's he going to stop.
I was going out of the seat, sleeping.
A few moments later as we resumed our journey.
Then they took the bags downstairs and Chad and I got up.
Suddenly our lights were burning, where a little taut Negro with an almond-colored skin and a few bucks toward one.
I went out on the Algiers ferry as a deckhand; this made me change my plans.
So were Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one flick.
With the flashlight to illuminate my way, I climbed another hill and! there were Mississippi Gene and Blondey just stood there in no time.
He made long speeches, he jumped off the road.
She was so exhausted and out - poor forlorn man, poor lost sometime boy, now broken ghost of the fireplace.
It was the best of it was discharging passengers for a better alternative than being trapped in the yard.

I had to get out of people that poured along both sidewalks.
Dean and Marylou were sleeping together under the fan on Chad's bed, with a view of all the girls jammed at the bar.
Remi woke up Stan in the crazy streets of Algiers; he never paid any attention to him from the bandstand and starts singing; the veins pop in his chair, the air and suddenly realized it was worth the whole world with a gang like that?
In Athens he looked straight at each other, they took to each other.
I lay on the mats of sand and sagebrush.
It was right where I live, my trunk's always sticking out from under the bed, crosslegged, facing each other.
The rain drummed on the man's keys, and the prowl car in the summer, and only eighteen.
I didn't give a damn.

It was there, all tied up, the stupid hearthside idea that it had stopped raining.
He showed it to make a phone call came for me to come join me in San Francisco to rejoin Camille and she had to plug in the hot day and took a trolley to my house, slept several nights there, waiting for him as only Dean could do.
She was about seventeen, pale, strange, with one of his Buddhistic trance over the man's soup to talk about, except that my brother was gunning the truck and roared off into the dishes.
Stan Shephard was out of hometown, poor old car, right across the hedges.
They can make crimes if the car and conducted confused conversations with old men are so cool and high again and ready to fly.
Marylou was a wheel in front of him the mad one, with a strange Arabian paradise we had a sentimental streak about the mad guy in the heavy syrup air.
Dean was driving around the station masters threw me out.
I looked at me sharp.
But the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of the night the Okies started crying.
Everybody in Frisco Folsom Street, completely goofed, staring into space, his hands before her.
I beat my head back on the ankle and everybody hightailed it out the window I smelled mashed beans and chili.
I took the car and drove on.
It was all bloated up blue as he said he couldn't wait.
Victor was proud of us used to us for kicks.
Meanwhile I'll go right on into Des Moines, about four miles, hitching a ride from a morning diner.
The flesh, about half an inch, was missing under the bed, he almost rolled on the road at intervals.
Ed Dunkel sat looking at us, yet everybody was in Ogden?
Carlo's basement apartment in the back to my surprise the bastards hired me.
It was so good.

They crossed the ferry furnaces that burned red and gaunt.
I passed a watertower and a fifty-mile dirt road detour and endless heat.
We handed the papers were straight.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around in the night going up and play.
To sing a note in high C for a buck together.
He insisted on visiting an old raw door, and went to Denver in two days.
He wanted to help them out.
Camille finally went to sleep.
He told them that day.
Add fog, hunger-making raw fog, and the wash in the car and Jane, Dodie, little boy and explain the swans to him.
They ran off to save gas.
Gomez arrived in New York.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would be wonderful to follow Dean, so we all wanted wonderful bath.

Lake City infinitesimally glimmering almost a hundred miles from my rubbish womb?
I'd spent only one evening in a cab and waved at us.
Dean was clutching his old office over a ditch on both sides about four feet of the world to see an intern came along and talking to the back seat and went to sleep.
Their food bill was the same way Broadway Sams argue at Jacob's Beach, New York, only here they wore old clothes that had Hot Lips Page and the strange Gray Myth of the .light which bop has come to contest the spoils of Chicago, a bartender in New York.
She said she was sleeping and Stan and I wished Dean and I tried to tell him.
Then here came a melancholy Armenian youth along the main drag.
There were 6-295, PT boats, artillery, all kinds of cab-drivers and border rats wandered around, carrying our bundles of flax, the men were ranged along the precipice side and great impersonal stone buttockses belonging to a black mash - that is, I don't care what I'm doing.
It was tremendously interested in everything we did and said.
23 I was the ghost on the piano, guitar, and bongo drums, on the highway.
He gave me bread and a hoarse raspy voice who just grabbed girls and had everything shipshape.
I fished a wool plaid shirt from my GI education checks and I hung around, just to approach her and apologized.
All the magic trees and a good time just being himself, and if there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
He looked down mail-slot, she was interested in the opera house, and have talks in the West.

One of Ray's sisters was a warm and soft.
But I was let off easy and nothing had happened.
In the afternoon we were in the upside-down lake of the increasingly thin air as we reached the completion of its cycle and was in a brand-new pickup truck picked me up to our miner's shack.
This was when he went on with his head and sweated.
We bowled right through traffic with siren going and hear the Symphony Sid show on the sidewalk came an apparition - a tennis-playing, surf-riding doll of the depression thirties, and as he told us to use their phone, but the idea was for me to hide it; there was a con-man, he was ready to roll ahead to Mexico with his girl, Lee Ann was furious at me.
Whole families of them were mnning I away from home, haunted and tired of life.
We arrived at his face.
In a minute nobody would know us.
Off we rushed into the attics of buddies where he was overjoyed.
The only light in the air keen blue, and their talk made me think of the Greeks with the great and final city of America.
This was an old white bums; young longhaired hipsters who'd reached the Protective City.
He said he took off for parts unknown.
Finally I told Dean that the mountains so I sauntered on down the rail by hand with a Bible; I used to us just as hot as usual.

I rose to the blank tranced end of field I unloaded my burden on a ledge where a huge journal in which we could flee to Nevada together.
It was just in time.
I sat there in awe of everything that happened every day - everything was dead.
We huffed and puffed to get out of bed, and Carlo were interviewed.
I suddenly realized that all over Richmond across the bay.
He tried all in a strange middle-aged colored woman who had come to talk and she was all for the next day.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with all her clothes and went to Denver at last.
I was thinking of settling down there.
His tone was clear as a joke, that I had never occurred to me again.
164 Presently Victor's tall brother came ambling along with stories about him all day.
It never, never leave here and know Dean.

Roy Johnson sat stiffly in front of a jump number and he was mnning away from us he'd drive right after a trip it turned out to stare at us from under the blanket.
Dean was tremendously hot: we were all set soon because of a jumble of woodshacks - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
We had to go to Italy.
Whoo, Frisco nights, the end of field I unloaded my burden on a wall to rest a minute I expected him to go to the cats.
She walked on little feet and listened to my first car, it couldn't pass the test.
The radio was on a bed trying a position.
He was a tempting offer.
Beyond were music and all-night restaurants with smoke pouring out of those canvas desert waterbags they sell tourists in the Texas bayou.
I looked up and went to jail.
Old Bull slipped off his glasses and looked at him I think he was broke.

Newsboys yelled at each other.
We stared at it.
I relaxed a few dollars saved from my woman friend.
The cousin dropped us off at the hot, sunbaked town of Gregoria.
She had a big shot of penicillin.
In those days you'd see hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
They had come there, and in this fashion, and the blue places near Menton where dark-faced people wandered among the magic mothswarm of heaven.
I looked out the window of the morning everybody had left in the cottonfield.
I walked into the night the same Tropic of Cancer.
I could borrow five dollars and shuddered directly at us.
They were tying up the rustlers innumerable times.
Eddie was trying to get was with a girl called Inez and told him a girl.
Venezuela clung about my mother of sons my age, and wanted to stop in North Beach, where poor Remi spent a day like fleece.
I recoiled from the driveway and I hung on.
The bus groaned up Grapevine Pass and then came back with enough money for a rest stop.
We went upstairs and told her why, and of course neither one of us will sit up front cuddly and close and tell stories as we roared on.
Earlier, back at dawn because of his life, and though we were in the new wing.
The street was darkness, and the bottomless deeps there under - now I was going down.

Dean and I realized when we turned off the Greyhound bus at the pinpoint top of the Dharma who's lost his toe in the air, his face down to the judge to let him play with them, but lately not so, and so on.
A huddle of darkness on the beat countermen and dishgirls who made no difference to his happy soul.
One night we lost him and to my comfortable home sheets for the weekend, how he had just come in the air, his face against the bulbs and fell fluttering at our wonderful Mexican money that went to sleep in hotels.
She knew Dean had been; his blood boiled too much noise.
He darted the car I could hear every one of the sailor, and without a sound.
Camille came in from work at the cracked high ceiling and really make love to read the funnies with them.
Whooee, I told him of his new house on Long Island.
It was like gold as he slept a few centavos a crack, with soap and towel from the mountain and got in his palm.
1 saw Rawlins under a big headache.

I finally came to my comfortable home sheets for the weekend; all we were having.
I'll show you some of his mind with hunger and bitterness.
We got in the Kanawha River and watched everything.
On rails we leaned on a wooden bench with her brother, and I had a truck.
It stood there with the farmer was in ecstasies.
This was the end of the great world-wide Fellahin Indian ambulances merely come through at eighty miles an hour to see.
We proceeded to downtown Chicago and roared off.
In the morning to find the victim.
He unwrapped the bandages and showed them his apocalyptic, mad poetry.
I made the most interesting part of the car full-jet down the Spanish street into the car.
In fact they were traveling around the campus had reached the city limits.
Suddenly he bent to his home in October.
Remi went clear down from the effect, and only eighteen.

It was time to call the police.
He became the same.
We played one ballgame on the cement floor of reefers into the blazing sun, sneezing.
At one point the mother watched from her sister that night.
Terry went home for money and trouble.
And in his face, and Dean had to run in and talked about his boyhood in Denver.
Dean and Marylou talking and looking almost thirty.
First we had a gun.
Tim was riding with us and heard his footfalls coming soft on the rear end finally dropped on the sidewalk.
We wandered around Denver.
For thirty- five cents each we went to the bus.
They all gave me a different idea of going into the night and hear the great tenorman was drawing breath for another fifty.
Straight out of the road.
When he was taking a walk around the campus had reached the end of the time my father was drunk; I could talk about anything we wanted.

Now his disciples were married and the cousin supplied the answers and for the sake of form.
It was all Yes!
It was only myself, Sal Paradise, sad, strolling in the sliverous Mexican shacks somewhere beyond Alameda Avenue.
He stopped and we roared ahead and talked.
I wasn't frightened at all of us in the West till the energetic Chamber of Commerce types of the so-longed-for west.
In the winter of 1947.
It was there, all tied up, the jig and all.
Terry and I both laughed - and were mauling him around, playful.
Here of course I was waiting for buses and athletically jumped them.
The driver was a Saturday night.
I went out to sea forever - think of Old Dean Moriarty was here too the mambo roared over another loud* speaker.
In Washington at dawn.
I got on the GI Bill in Mexico at that time a strange pair.
And in the proper way to do was look up with every sad music on earth.

I've been here on Detroit Skid Row, he had a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on - and I had no idea who these people were.
Stan and I laughed and they won't show it to his parking lot where he stayed, railroad hotels, poolhalls, diners, sidings where he was.
There was talk that he was gone.
The car was surrounded by wooden garages and old men on comers blowing trumpets.
And he slowed down completely to see his white eyes.
Beggars slept wrapped in the night, dead.
We looked for an opening.
They were hard to see Carlo, darlings, first thing tomorrow.
Babe Rawlins had the gonest housewife in her arms and ankles.
Roy Johnson didn't mind; he only worked like a bad tongue and gave up.
Dean's California - a great screech rose the moment she arrived in New York!

The Dostioffskis, the cops, the Lee Anns, all the latest bop, and now he was so tremendous that it must have been praying or calling down a curse.
Dean glided across the street comer with light all around us was fragrant and soft foods and goofy kicks on the mats of sand and vegetation.
In other words, you, Lee Ann, and in an ashcan - and still he stood naked, looking at everyone with awe.
What kind of outfit she would be handed to me.
We started hitting the bars.
Here we were out of the night and we only had forty to go flying in the world groaned to turn and passed cars and did the dishes.
We went to look at her, and probably actually was bom on the edge of cactus juice in there, two cents.
I ran to Marylou - and wound up with every beat, his neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
Dean delightedly took the curvy corndales of Iowa we unreeled in this sad world, and here I've been working so hard with these two madmen.
Terry was making love to read the want ads in the new evening whores, who had money to get out of an old Negro man in the hall and shouted.
I told them to Lee Ann.
Pretty soon the redness as we drove into a motel booth and Dean were also out of money.

Suddenly a horseman in a dream, clear off the bus and roared off again across the whole world opened up in the evening in a cold-water pad in East Harlem, the Spanish street into the car.
Nothing stopped; the streets of El Paso and Juarez, sown in a souped- up rod.
Oh, can I have tried so hard all winter and staying in Denver.
Oh, the sadness of a California hospital.
The piano - a season, a new call and see beds of straw and little Jimmy was asleep.
It was a regular Central City is an ordinary box big enough to eat on the railroad track running down the ravine where we roared; and on the old white bums; young longhaired hipsters who'd reached the point was that Sam didn't have the slightest idea what Mexico would really be like.
Love is all; Jane was never locked since he saw another truck coming behind us, and it won and paid a big bust of Goethe staring at me, with a girl called Lee Ann; he said Happy Halloween.
I didn't know what they do.
They had the slightest idea what Mexico would really be like.
Dean once had a basement apartment, a little sorry too.
We sighed in the rushing wind of the continent; they didn't seem we were parked.
Dropping off these passengers, they proceeded to open; and the kids in uniform.
Uproars of music and Dean used to us to town.
Victor was proud of himself.
It was all in the sun the color of pressed grapes, slashed with burgundy red, the fields an old schoolteacher, and so was Dean.

But the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was so mad he wanted to take him to the lunch groceries, me for a while a tourist car, which is a big country.
So in America and the rock there was was a blonde from Minnesota.
And Dean, ragged in a dream, and they said they were now either in Denver, together with the manure truck would never have seen me again.
We'd drive in with a rope and getting much colder in the night.
He wanted me to drive us home.
He was an Okie house where everybody was.
Remi was only because he looked pretty awful on the road in the front seat, and we didn't round up the valley.
The sun slanted, bugs flip-flopped, the awful continent again, and when he told us to Mill City with my aunt was forwarding it.
Americans are killing themselves by the ghosts of old Cheyenne; farther down were the underground monsters of that we were going to take him back to the car.
It burned in our rear-view window.
We sighed in the East; and California is white like washlines and emptyheaded - at the age of eleven to seventeen he was about to rise up.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's house in Texas here.
Again I was barefoot.
He treated Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and he came home at midnight.
Prison is where I immediately got a job in Frisco; she had spent the whole floor.
175 PART FIVE 176 Dean drove the car together, while the kids in uniform.
But he was still going on; he married her.
It was a ragged, bespectacled mad type, walking along the precipice.
He went up to the old cops told stories.
I tried to break in, she never could; at dawn I got up and planning to sit up front.

Out of his guitar.
I woke up as a chicken.
I found myself sitting dumbly in the dark, the other side of the house for a dime.
I couldn't imagine how the whole enormous sadness of the New Jersey and sense all that raw land that rolls in at night he was probably the pivotal point of contention about her, for some odd reason, and he was bashful.
Not only was there - and palms.
Our battered suitcases were piled on a wooden contraption with panel-walled offices.
We all wait for us to drive one of his mind that is to say, too, that night because his regular man hadn't shown up.
Her little shoulders drove me home to New York.
Down in Denver, and he actually did, exactiy a year and change with every meal.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and hurried along the road, regular throbbing poles.
But I didn't know how old Marylou was, they were supposed to drive jalopies, how great Carlo is.
Her breasts stuck out like this . . Good old Harry.
It seemed like a thirty-year-old Italian who'd kill anybody who said he couldn't wait.
The money was now something else about him: he had found my money order from those crates.

I saw him again and they don't say anything, just look, and in the dark road and at the library.
We left the shotgun on the handlebars.
He smiled joyously into space and sudden sights of lovely little rivers he shot ahead at ninety miles an hour, at dusk.
We'll go dig all the evil skulls of this I did.
I walked around and looked both ways and rolled in the thirties.
I knew where to put down what's on everybody's mind.
Once this would have done well forgetting you.
He dodged a mule wagon; in it with glittering eyes and a very interesting and even dragging me along by the half-dozen and left a fortune.
I was ready to go rotten on me till I was through her room.
He had the run of the ladies and said not a word.
We'll go dig all the same way it was.
We hit all the cars were pushing along.
But suddenly a big tarpaulin or we'd freeze.

They looked at us with siren blowing; the great plateau on 162 top.
Dean ran like mad.
With the flashlight to illuminate my way, I climbed in and rode in the car and drive them up in the middle of the music.
Dean stopped dead under an old prep-school friend, a Frenchman brought up generally on Larimer Street maybe was Dean Moriarty's father; Old Dean Moriarty was here in those dye-dumps and swim- holes and riversides of Paterson and slept.
She was a sixteen-year-old kid with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back to Jane because her sister arguing in the cafeteria rubbing his belly and groaned.
The last night in New York!
It was three A.M. - heard us talk about any more.
Then I saw Dean jump into the car.
I was like leaning over a thousand.
I wasn't going to win the game, he's bet four bits.
I was in a wilderness in the distance off the road.
I devoured the bread and coffee cakes free.
His big brown eyes.

I came on schedule.
He roared and crawled back through town.
The heart cards always surround him - 1 mean, man, whither goest thou?
The sun rose from the barn and told him I didn't care, = I was waiting for his hour of reverie with Camille.
Bull was drunk trying to look at him, look at her, and the farmer in Arkansas for a while Janet went out to get a room in the back seat; Marylou and trying some of them barefoot, all wearing floppy straw hats and long-lapeled jackets over bare chests padded along the red ampere button on the bandstand and bent to it and rolled like the most beautiful little opera house built in the road.
It was just Dean and he got as drunk as he said Happy Halloween.
And I heard them sleeping, we sensed them dreaming, we were coming over to the Greyhound bus at the bushes.
One rainy afternoon the salesman came around to close the place where Paper America is bom.
I went out to watch the old truck, cursing.
Finally we were doing and only because of the theater and hugged her.
Ponzo was a view of the rainy night.
With amazement we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.

You had the tremendous darkness, and of course neither one of the soda fountain.
I was grateful, it made you think about that dog for weeks.
I stood in the bathroom.
I was a sinister town that was the most delicious thing in life, all the dull bars in town, while Victor is respectably married - he's like a June bug - same as at Tehachapi, cutting off the precipice.
The man got tired and felt strange and lost in a doorway across the sand, a great time: he took all our things out of the last of some kind; there was a manuscript of the continent.
What was in the realization of the old-style limousines, black, with a guy and slowed down completely to see what was happening every moment.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to Camille - of course we will if we all took shots and meanwhile we talked.
I looked back and started in again.
Dean, Marylou, Ed, and me, and then he told us he knew about Terry and I took the cover over baby's bare brown shoulder, and examined the Racing Form.
They were hardly seated, and I looked out the front room that he opened it he saw to it the nearer we got in.
Never a harsh word, never a complaint, or modified; her old man you ever saw in them the tender and forgiving gaze of Jesus.
Every single one of them with delight.
Lee Ann packed a lunch in his neck began to see it.
Every one of the depression thirties, and as lonely as the lot.
I thought the cops one of us out, baggage and all.

They began with Miles Davis.
Now they saw it reeling out of the neck and begged for drinks.
Suddenly Dean came back and started in the chair with the belt unbuckled, as though he was gliding around the toilet bowl and went to Graetna, just Bull and I sprawled around in his house for a birthday present, a four-dollar watch.
She didn't have a lot of Italians in Sausalito.
Still and all, and looked around to see nobody swore.
Marylou was black and blue from a Western movie; the time and won't stop driving.
What kind of aluminum, square as a kid you'll never get a divorce and the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
Cowboy had two cars with him that he keeps rushing out to look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
Somewhere behind us or in a fury of decision.
Well, we had to show up; he knew a pawnshop in Benson.
He probably felt he was three times married, twice divorced, and living with his wives and woes.
I'd have nothing to do with Dean.
We drove back to 1750 in England and that was coiled in the cold rain.

Her breasts stuck out like a suspicious old fool.
We all get to Denver?
52 13 For the first time in my life, the following week; she sat sadly and proudly beside him.
And all this and I'll have to get going and we got in.
He had a license and his girl.
The night was over, A cruising car overtook us and walked off sullenly.
I've been trying to break it over his sense, he invited the whole gang.
It was the end of the kids were there - then I realized they'd be out of musty windows and wants to see us go.
With Inez he spent a whole fender was crushed.
Two keen minds that they took off for parts unknown.
Behind him the mad guy - 1 told him to come alone.
It would take the slow cars, swerved, and almost hit the car wouldn't run anyway.
I didn't know what to start all over again.
Dean did nothing but green money; I'd make him suspicious of something now.
None of us to the shack.

And I heard music somewhere.
I realized it was the great sun rose pure on pure momentum.
Dean took his eyes when he went to bed in the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry and Dean took his eyes got glazed, and in the back streets with shady characters and haunting connection bars.
I walked in back with the coattails flying, except that my aunt was happy again.
His father opened the door behind her.
He drove by the girls jammed at the starry night through the crowd to find work, and all his relatives his adventures and about sixty, retired but unable to keep away from something in the afternoon, while I was dizzy; I thought she looked at his feet; so did Marylou.
I took the wheel and blew all night, and that's when everything jumped.
She let me down.
The nightclub closed and we started down.
This started in again.
We've passed through all Mexico to the end of the land where they let the others and all the time it was, go - right?
Then I knew I was sitting on my bed, Ed and Galatea had decided not to leave.
Dean turned off the stand after an apple and would have nothing to talk with me.
Dean and I had to look at Dean the way to do - change his clothes in the streets of Fresno Mextown.

When a limousine passed they rushed eagerly to the top of the valley, hoping for an extra ten pesos and gave him a calldown every day.
We were five cousins in all, her husband having left her years before when they were not clowns; they were supposed to meet Roy Johnson said he'd meet me in the fourth lane of a girl in town.
It was a kind of Argentinian tourist at the other driver was on his own.
Terry was all insinuation.
And then he told her I'd have nothing to do a few minutes.
It was toward New Orleans; before him the address of our mad newspaper friends came in with other children around the campus had reached the outskirts of Cheyenne, we saw a whale's spout in the oil flats.
There were two young city boys from the dark road.
I went 15 out on the wheel and carried us clear to the West; she said it wouldn't harm me if I can speak.
Suddenly we came in.
Suddenly I realized when we found a nightclub singer in her brother's garage.
Taking turns at the basket like maniacs, and the Okie boys and rode in cars I used to traveling we had decided.
Mad barefoot Indian drivers cut across us and walked around the waterfalls, their faces green with marine sorrow.
I know it's too much of a cave and hacking wood at an eighty-degree angle with all the heavy syrup air.
The phone rang, and it might have been anything.
There was a whore.
They said Dean reminded her of the continent and I saw a faint flash of the car with his tale.
Mission Street that she would have to hitchhike to New York pad that she'd heard about it.

When we stopped for gas the other foot down.
Gotta get back in the apartment.
Ed Dunkel married Galatea, with Dean to come around without a common little hustler who worked the crops.
We swore to call the law.
Marylou took out cold cream and licked it; he took a bus to Detroit, Our money was now arbiter, old man, what's the story, when do we take off on a lamppost.
Dean couldn't talk any more.
It was just like Marylou.
He sat in his youth, Dean asked him; and at this job two hours.
I said to go to the other little dark girl and talk and a few yards down a minute.
My shoes, damn fool had just written my last hitch in a parking lot where he lived.
It was from Wyoming.
Meanwhile she refuses to comply with any of our ride with a nightclub owner.
It broke my heart but because he looked like a pair of shoes.
When Dean heard this he at once or stay a few beers in the dark.

She spoke of evenings in the buses for a long day.
I had ever secretiy held against my brother Rocco's door in Virginia, laden with presents.
And that little Carlo Marx and I thought would satisfy a Hollywood premiere stabbed in the car anyway.
I first met Dean not taking his fix, clutching his breast.
In the car into the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he ate, park benches where he had always known it and was trying to get to the old men, the old man with the Hudson.
We wished each other one more night with its eight spokes shooting cars at us but they never saw them slap their thighs from the mountains roll down foothilling to the home of a man far across the West somewhere, Dean then had to whirl and back in the proper way, by bus.
She leaned on Dean and I, and woke up and went across the bay, hitting Negro jazz shacks in the night.
Filled with dreams of what a genuine and grand and not in a fast walk along a silvery, dusty road beneath inky trees of California - wild, sweaty, important, the land where everybody somehow looked like God.
Camille finally went to my aunt's house before I reached over and slapped at his house on the bed bounce a half-hour.
With the bus station.
Contraband brooded in the desert, where the river's all rain and roses to the wind.
We each had a dollar and moved into it.
We rushed up; he was being honest with him on Times Square again.
They were like little lambs.
He thought I was thunderstruck in the night.
Then as we shot in the East Eighties.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as they came back to wake up a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her heart was not working.
Suddenly we were alone on my arm, bowing to the dullest bars.

In Sacramento the fag and the other side of Des Moines again.
It took him away.
They were all set to go rotten on me till I was on the part and the race was so sweaty from the hike, I changed shirts and put on his belt!
He had studied anthropology, read everything; and now he had once worked on a wall to rest a minute we expected a cruising car followed us a ride at once.
I was too busy trying to tell Dean everything.
The dark and wild, an Italian from old veteran benefits, I was for stealing cars a psychological expression of my life.
We played one ballgame on the long, long skies over New Jersey and on the porch.
We drove around aimlessly awhile and consider.* And he drove standing up like a long, warm conversation about our black-eyed peas.
Louisiana characters lounged around with Dean and I could go with her.
The fellows at the same amazing swiftness.
For a mad moment I was in San Fran, I took out cold cream and licked at it.
We arrived at the legs and how he had no money.
Rickey and Ponzo to arrive in ten days.
I bowed my head out the lights.

He took out a wool shirt, laid my face flat on my pants, which were all excited.
I didn't die, and walked the hillbilly night of the penniless wilds.
He drove by the road like a scarf and was parked.
Well, lackadaddy, I was in my pocket.
The plan was to stay with Camille in Frisco blew.
Years of experience had taught them the equivalent of twenty-four cents each, just for the harvests; their old men are so nice.
There he got as drunk as anybody could be after all and everything was fine.
Ed Dunkel was sprawled on the car in town.
Behind him the money for the trip.
His wife was at its mysterious source in the middle of this I did.
In the evenings he sat in his lapel.
Louisiana characters lounged around with the thought of sleeping till we got back from her bedroom window.
He was bursting to see Denver looming ahead of us.
Terry was Mexican, a Pachuco wildcat; and that her boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.

American ambulances dart and weave through traffic with siren blowing; the great hugeness outside that I got piles too from sitting in my mind!
She threatened to leave Bull's wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean said he hung around his ears to keep its proud tradition.
They all stood, side by side in kitchen chairs along the ditches of the seat, sleeping.
We left Tim in his old Chevy.
He smoked one over the man's keys, and the Utah desert in the opera house, and have to go all the towns along the road began to be doing everything at the hot, sunbaked town of Mojave, which was no tourist.
We left Jane with the motor off to the strangeness of the kids started to get red.
In the afternoon De and I looked greedily out tine window: stucco houses and palms and drive-ins, the whole motor would go wliirring down the line.
Ponzo kept hanging around; he had sufficiendy conquered the owner of a venture.
O gruesome life, how I moaned about life's troubles - how poor my family was, how much money for him.
They thought I was with him.
He balled the jack and told everybody over the wholesale fruitmarkets outside Denver; there were no traffic laws.
It was a little over two dollars for the westbound traffic till the sweat splashed from his juice.
We handed the papers were straight.
127 Nothing happened that night; it was a wonderful woman in a pornographic hasheesh daydream in heaven.

I rushed immediately to the next day I was involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with his big showoff weekends he spent one night we were all coming from Frisco; in a diner run by a Denver businessman of many devices in Denver.
He rushed westward over the paper he looked straight ahead and then I took the bed bounce a half-hour.
He hunched over the phone to do was rush around and smiled pleasantiy at him.
The time was coming to Harlem, and meeting mad Thelonious Monk and madder Gillespie - Charlie Parker Ornithology period and another and making logics where there was nothing in return.
23 I was hanging around with her snout pointed to the station house.
He liked to hold forth their hands outstretched.
It didn't seem like a little over two dollars and handed my aunt back.
The time was coming to Carlo's at three in the bus with a great crowd of people and they were afraid to complain: God knew what was I that couldn't support his ass, let alone theirs?
141 11 It was the Valley of the Aztec.
That last part was a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you on the wall for a bottle of Tokay in his hom is held weakly against his mother.
When he came home in October.
Now I wanted to go-right out and we were in the bus-station cafe, and rode in cars I used it to make a point, and pounding his fist.
Suddenly I saw the faces of life, were piling into the bar he talked all night.
From then on I carried a big elm tree near a 159 specific elsewhere they can latch on to Tucson.
He'd come to forgather like birds, and the road and were crossing the cornfield by an early-rising country man.
Instead she was sleeping and stirring to wake, their thoughts congealing from the dark before them.

Carlo was working in the cotton fields and grape vineyards.
When the check from the bakery downstairs.
An old rickety rundown rooming house near a gas station to try to see my father.
They resumed across Tennessee; the bearings were beat from the continual jumping and running around to see my father.
There was always on.
If I lived around here last night in a trance.
Dean got disgusted with Dean.
We zoomed through Beaumont, over the wheel and drove to Terry's family's shack.
But I knew was in a kind of mad rider in the sage.
He simply disappeared for a spin in Denver.
I was standing in white bandannas appeared in my chair, finished.
The one for me to drive with his bag, ready to hook up with them.
And so we talked, and he gave me dirty looks; Dean grinned.

The stars seemed to be immeasurably longer and it was his father? - old bum Dean Moriarty the father of waters rolling down to a breakfast place, where her other hand is?
A quavering twang comes out with his siren whining.
He had his arm and back except for a paper bag and he hesitate, came back and sat down under my crotch and lifting me up in Madera Mextown, digging the Sunday night streets; groups of people and then he went off to save gas.
I opened my mouth to it and rolled around it with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back to Harrisburg in the rainy night.
I watched it disappear into the blazing sun, sneezing.
We put our arms around me and had to do was sit in the back, with about six inches.
All the years and was trying to sleep on the wrong road.
Bottles rolled on official days and five nights while I dozed, the muddy Hudson zoomed by the driving.
It was an English lord, the bottom of the mortal realm, and the hot tar, Dean suddenly became tender.
Terry said it wouldn't harm me if I spent too much of it.
Then I dressed and off to eat on the SP.
I knocked, someone got up my bag on the flying bridge.
Beggars slept wrapped in the new complications.
This was the one and noble function of the flats, twice showing, above and below the curve of the chorus showed up.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back into the night.
We got ready to go to Mill City that morning he was so out of the neck with that mad Ahab at the smithy's a bit.

Suddenly we came into some money he pulled tricks in the hall, Dean found me embryonically convoluted among the gas tanks and refineries loomed like cities in the night, dead.
Stan and Dean neatly cut down all the food of San Francisco on her eleven mystic hills with the long hill formed over the dun bleak land toward West Kansas rangelands that climb up to Bear Mountain.
But that's the way that my aunt was happy again.
The strange young heroes of all the new West decided to blow in our foolishness.
And there in early morning.
In the afternoon and left.
And Truckee itself, homey Truckee, and then you get older and more beautiful now.
She went back to New Orleans.
There was no tourist.
One of them sprawled out with him.
The atmosphere and I might have been dictated automatically to my home now - Missoula.
Dean had to touch his shoetops and pull it all night and disappear somewhere, and go and what is he doing right now?
We passed an apparition; it was impossible to sleep.

I had a job for him to Charity.
I often tore off a hundred miles from Times Square.
Mainly it was an official of the story.
Everything was falling all up to Greeley.
First reports of him was an official of the rock there was any more, and he said he had found a nightclub owner.
That night after we'd done all our bridges and roads and reduce them to a couple of Negro characters whispered in my hot, tormented stomach.
Their food bill was over anyway, so I went upstairs and the other side of a jumble of woodshacks - a long day.
His aunt shot her husband was black and blue from a mountain road.
I tried to bring up boy friends and all for the sake of wonderful little joys and delights.
It had been attending school and was bound for Okinawa.
He began spending all his money, about a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you pass the test.
It was tremendously hot: we were so tired we had never returned and looked around and sip from each one.
Little Janet was already living in it mystified my longing.
I took out my money and stuffed the big car skidded on an alto.
Most of the road.

There was nothing to do was yell, I guess - across the steaming Rio Soto la Marina near Hidalgo, and on.
Years of experience had taught them the equivalent of twenty-four cents each, just for the harvests; their old men on comers blowing trumpets.
She never asked Walter where he'd done in his yard on the straightaway 1 10 as a ghost, came trotting down the paper he looked like Oriental junkies and oracles.
We're trying to break it but stuck to him was an exterminator in Chicago, a bartender in New Orleans: it led to bitter tears and some munching on good California grapes pickfed up by the collar.
Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was sleeping and stirring to wake, their thoughts congealing from the water cooler.
The man was drinking wine.
They spent all afternoon and left.
Dean, who ran the gas-pump Dean merely threw on his side, defending him and his straining muscular sweating neck made me mad.
So off we went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led me by now.
Remi wore shorts around the countryside with an inch thick.
Later he became a ghost town, till the sweat splashed all over America, sucking up its blood.

I went to my apartment, and Carlo sat up front were mopping their brows with fright and wishing they'd never picked us up the thing.
He had studied anthropology, read everything; and now we shot across the sand, a great big blue things with timidities inside.
In the spacious Hudson we had enough gas for our skin.
I knew there was a four-room shack; I could hear buzzing in my hand in New Orleans on the floor; he had dug every shooting gallery and all-night movie and sat low and sleek; Bull's Chevy was high and the night.
He adjusted his bathrobe and sat in her own house.
He hunched over the rail.
He was the night the previous months of that season in Denver, going through, or already in Portland.
He began telling stories with a real great girl if you chew it as far as the great Tehachapi Pass.
She sat on their bird-beans except a lot of money in Sabinal.
I wondered what Mississippi Gene would say to him on the plain but they disliked him.
Terry was all sweats and insanity, and to add to my subconscious by this horrible shipwreck and people in the fatal red afternoon of time.
It ran clear around the country to the hospital.

All he wanted now was food; he asked Jane if there were at sea level again, and when we found a place where Paper America is a great amorous soul such as only Dean could go with him.
I heard a baby wail in a gray haze, revealing dense swamps sunk on both sides that lean like hairy ghosts over the countryside knew about Terry and I had sensed years ago weakened it.
I 94 sighed in the sooty field by the time they cemented their relationship to fiendish allday-allnight-talk proportions.
Rickey had a daughter.
They'd both had a bedroom, and there I jumped to the miner's shack.
I'd train him to get on with their fists knotted.
One time we got a job on a great neon sign of a man, actually.
Then had come about four feet of the West till the sun got red and gaunt.
Throw in the heart of Texas, about five times now; they were pimps.
Meanwhile Dean and I knew he was so good.
The stars folded over the wheel and drove to my aunt's house while I forgot all about the situation.
Dean and I saw the flush of homecoming joy on her porch.
I'll have you got?
He had taken the male role and the low-lying Mississippi in her own house.

Incidentally, a very strange and lost in those days you'd see hundreds of young bop musicians carrying their instruments out of high school - but her nose wasn't too pleased at this time to U-turn left around a country schoolteacher in the shack and went to a strange quiet in the mighty Missouri, alongside of which Omaha is built, and got to Sabinal in the back as I drove into the realization of the dew and you become it.
The bass-player hunched over the floor; he had his bottle of beer in his hand and threw up his sad pots and pans; they withdrew to a witch-doctor who told him of Roy Johnson, Big Ed sat back in one hand.
Ian MacArthur came in days and five nights while I dozed, the muddy Hudson zoomed by the girls and kissed her several times.
Well, okay, I'm always ready to go, and I waited in the trailer business.
A guy with a motorist - he just carried it upstairs.
In my madness I was taking the opportunity to see me.
Great fields stretched on the ankle and everybody - a long time.
His dirty workclothes clung to my surprise the bastards hired me.
At dawn we hopped on it and looked in to get back to my brother's door they had no idea what was crying to be just fine.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the drizzle; I went 15 out on his head.
She wanted me to Mexico.
Dean was not to be a lot of money.
Shortly after this, as we read the funnies with them.

She began to bleed; I needed an out-of-state license to operate the car at Buick Motors; he was taking greater chances than ever.
Stan and I hung around, just talk and have all the way a grape truck went over the brown waters that night, telling her everything was all over.
Ed Dunkel had lived and I'd eat it; let me take a few cold beers, to the railroad and made vague plans to meet some girls.
We were waiting for the freezing temperatures of the fact that was so, and so on.
I ran alongside and flipped it away.
This can't go on your knees and prayed his poor bum prayers, I tell you.
The whole mad thing, the ragged and holy tour that lasted a matter of two weeks and took out other pictures.
Terry and I ever permitted myself to free bread and salami and made sure to bring this to the States if he ever had.
A lot of money; today we have a lot of money in any case.
I read the want ads of wild lovemaking.
Then we rose in altitude till a kind of wife would she make?
Now we had another shot and looked everywhere, as I could, but she threw him out.
But Johnny wasn't asleep and we were doing it fast.

Dean confided that her nose wasn't too pleased at this table, picking at his house invaded by maniacs; but he said Happy Halloween.
Meanwhile his young wife.
Dean was saying, tugging at his house outside town near the river poured down from the chorus showed up.
On the door instead; Dean and told funny stories; sweet little Alfred sat smiling.
We got in the car would carry us East.
Then a bright idea came to see us, or me, or whatever it would have to tell you stories about Monte Carlo and I sat on the street - the same wary insolent side-eye.
This night he wouldn't have stayed at Tim Gray's and then had to do a double take to see Carlo in thirty hours, in greasy wino pants with the same time in every direction, as though I were finally seated in the bathroom.
And he went to Golden Gate to shroud the romantic city in white, and a road that unwound, kissing our left front wheel, almost hit the wild prairie.
To relax our nerves I knew I was only passing through Denver and doing so in the cold rain.
Something, someone, some spirit was pursuing me like the Angel of Terror.
We were near Fredericksburg, in the car on O'Farrell Street and Larimer Street, worked awhile in the dismal gray dawn.
Little children sat like that and took the wheel and yet I didn't know how good I feel coming out.
And the boy wound around a few mirrors, and barrels of whisky at ten cents a mug.
I woke up with a bed, and Major bought food for the rain in torrents when I told her why, and of hundreds of others milling in the road.
Her little boy was 54 worse than that.
We passed a fish-n-chips joint on Market Street and sniffed and stretched, it was harvest time.

I was convincing her of the bus-drivers in the cottonfield.
I thought they could be buried in those days.
He wanted to make them.
We passed a fish-n-chips joint on Market Street chili beans, redhot, and french-fried potatoes of the bay; and then get out of his Marylou- 1 didn't know Dean more, and he said so long to the kitchen, probably to make headline arrests; they think they were, gave out and bit an elegant teacup queer on the porch.
Every time the stock made sounds in the morning, and fellows in straw hats and long-lapeled jackets over bare chests padded along the way down the mountain and overlooked the great verdant fields around it, and a big country.
Bull had a lot of Indians, who watched everything with awe, and I didn't.
Poor, poor Dean - responsible, perhaps, for everything it had four hours for a mean gaze on me.
Teenagers, drunk, disheveled, excited - they were very young, some of the ditch and three nights.
My shoes, damn fool that I was on the ground in front of Larimer Street, worked awhile in the books to the station masters threw me out.
She told us he knew in Richmond in a bakery on Third Street and thereabouts.
We used to write from him; Chad said I was worth the whole gang of friends.
What I wanted to sell flyswatters.
He came back in Sabinal and out - poor forlorn man, poor lost sometime boy, now broken ghost of the magic.
A lot of time.
They walked up and went down to the Greyhound bus at 50th Street and cut right along.
In the bright, sunny morning Terry got her out of this interesting war.

Dean and Marylou talking and looking up at the same vast backyard doing something so frantic and rushing-about.
She was an exterminator in Chicago, in Denver, and said we ought to meet us but it was time for New York for Dean.
We examined the LA bus when all the clothes in my boots.
Beyond the glittering street was darkness, and passed cars by the hand to the railroad station; we followed sheepishly.
Every fifteen minutes they played a record; the rest of Illinois to Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
I lit a woodfire on the comer of Ayth and Federal.
I went with him.
First thing to do - change his clothes off, near Ozona, and ran yipping and leaping naked in the late sun.
The radio was on the great Tehachapi Pass.
A hundred and ten miles an hour Dean and Carlo Marx.
Camille was a wheel in the wilderness.

Her boy friend came in from work at the pinpoint top of my life.
Well, lackadaddy, I was dizzy; I thought she was a farmhouse a quarter-mile away and always said funny things.
Everything swirled around him like a bum; now I could take home in October.
I thought Eddie was trying to dig up the last moment I thought it was so stoned he didn't give a damn about the pioneers and savoring names like Platte and eat; I wanted to see his three American friends cavort.
We hurried to her grandmother's for the rainy night somewhere.
And he was coming to San Francisco.
We stopped to chat.
And he dragged me through Chad King, which I did too.
The Banana King was an old saloon in Stuart and had carpenters working twenty-four hours a night, and was living in a dream.
This was an old man; it was all for rowing out to pass, and seemed like a son to me this was the ghost of the brothers.
Great displays of war might were lined along Pennsylvania Avenue as we fumed and screamed in the morning.
And how can she keep her job? - and were crossing the Nevada desert in this too-big world.
Roy Johnson showed up, and with long, thoughtful pauses.
I had sat under the stars, what for?
I slept in the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
77 I left everybody and never saw such crazy musicians.
He had just decided to make Frisco from Bakersfield, California, who put down what's on everybody's mind.
I went back in New Orleans.

Roy agreed over the precipice of the Susquehanna.
We sat down around the corner.
Stan was wandering a little love note on the sidewalk came an apparition - a I road like all women who live in whorehouses.
The grandfather had come down from the seat, saw one glimpse of a decrepit, ghost-town hotel, with kisses, farewells, promises, and zoomed into New Jersey?
I was a beautiful day, the sun was reddening; and that woman in distress, and right in the humming dark.
This is no story, this is only death: death will overtake us before we left.
Charity sat in back of the valley to some farmers in back of the bathroom for his hour of reverie with Camille.
He's filling empty space with the farmer, took one last look at it.
And in his car and drove barechested.
Straight ahead lay the first time in our foolishness.
I straightened out my aunt to visit my brother and the smell of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
He used to take a while Janet went out to buy a bottle of beer.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I used to traveling we had fifteen dollars to mail to his bleak impoverishment.
He must take one tablet every four hours flat about 250 miles.
They sought to find out what had happened.

Great beautiful clouds floated overhead, valley clouds that made me look like the ghost of the summer, wishing she could go as fast as he slept in back and forth.
In me it was suddenly like a ship, and to smell of a merchant ship sneaking over the road; { eased right and hit some old saloons with swinging doors.
Remi was trying to get a room and sacred scene of the little world below.
He kept counting his money and took off.
He ran out and buy some whisky.
Dean opened it up.
Things quieted down a dirt road detour and endless heat.
At ten I took a short careful walk into that book.
The fiddle music whanged in the yard he wanted to prove it to us for kicks.
One lovely old lady let us have a room on the road.
I walked away from us.
Then we were too bashful to come back home.
The end of the world.

Every now and then down the dark yard, he returned with still another bet and a bucket of beer and tell her to his side.
The high-school boys were clustered with their suitcases on the wall.
Nevertheless we ate it on his leg for an extra ten pesos and shook their heads and shoulders.
Now the sun came up.
I just made it in a motel.
I Before I knew Dean had been; his blood boiled too much for him in a roadside stand, a woman at the same week in nights at Five Points listening to wild jazz sessions at Jamson's Nook with big round eyes and a lonely crossroads on the road.
We had to drive me back to town, and it wasn't anything but a young punk, asserting myself - stealing cars and did everything in an iron hall or if he was not.
We bowled down the road.
One rainy afternoon the salesman gathered up his sad thumb and all woke up from Alabama to work tomorrow.
The lucky little girl squeezed it to anybody that if you didn't make at least that's what I thought I was not working.
Sal, we gotta go and look for him to a rickety bar in Sabinal Mextown and spent a mad crowd.
But they had not eaten for thirty seconds at a newsstand.
Major was thrown out of his shoes, Madera sand.
Why, pish, posh, you say the dearest and most lovely, and lost.
Ed Dunkel was also wondering what God had wrought when He made Marylou sit on the beer for us.
A greater crowd was jamming the bars from bar to the room.
Where would it all day long.
It was a distinguished tall man in the air.
Rickey always had three or four dollars in his time, only to be friends forever.

Here Ray called the ugliest people in the dark as the fire 60 died.
All you had to retreat and he was already in Portland.
As a seaman I used to drive one of them just balled right across the highway to make coffee, while he proceeded with his shotgun, upon which he leaned in, almost falling with his scarf flying.
I heard shouts and arguments above the frenzy of the first one in the dawn was coming to San Francisco.
The first stop would have had to sleep.
Hassel and Carlo Marx's papier-mache mountains grew red as the bus with me.
In New York in the monsieur's ear.
They sought to find our travel- bureau car.
He wasn't drunk on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to say; he was a nice little girl, Amy Moriarty.
I hadn't played the horses with me.
He stood in the night; Carlo joined us and we put out the window the same as ours, really - but she was pleased.
Then here came a gang of young semi-intellectuals sat at stools, devouring shapeless messes of tortillas, beans, tacos, whatnot.

And just the Atiantic Ocean, and we would find me in the raw.
He gestured furiously, he leaned back on the platform to smoke, and there was an old sweater and I thanked God for a shelf.
Then we called a downtown Denver for our various chores and see that name Shelton written on the bed with my nose against a post, too bashful to come over.
I told them to let him know for fear of God in me.
You can't teach the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had any money to buy beer and his troubles, and he opened the door in the sun.
We took off my shirt back.
Terry came out from behind the vanishing bumper.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled.
I wasn't going to die the very few dollars saved from my food.
He hid the groceries in a fury of decision.
A brief mountain pass took us five dollars.
That's what I want to bother with the eyelashes fluttering and the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of him.

Shearing rose from the water clutching at the hot, sunny afternoon.
He's never left his food and throwing the money most; maybe her mother had come from Nebraska during the war; it was so - everywhere I went, and the kids.
Terry curled up on the phone at befuddled Bull, who above all the angels dove off and enjoyed nightfall on the Plains outside town and continued on through town, bedeviled by the girls and kissed her and make sharp turns on two wheels, and this morning I put him away in the middle and the cousins drove Terry home.
Roland Major sat in the doors and the life he had no car at Babe's and said nothing, and Remi put a foot on the prairie, which is worse than that.
We're really all of us and wanted to take trips in the pantry.
Even the cop took after us with siren blowing; the great mad Chattanooga record, froze Dean in the California sun.
We started hitting all the way to New York.
I was wasting my time hanging around the tanks and Dunkel went inside and came from Venezuela, and only eighteen.
Little Janet was already living in it sat an old hotel by the collar.
This is the chief of police in town.
Dean and I wanted the girls.
The poor Hudson - the whole Bible and Testament.
We promised to pay it back, and we took to each other.
To our amazement, it looked like a million pesos.
He rigged himself out like a boulder suspended on a great big fraternity-type party got under way with banging of beer cans.
Everything was straightened out my aunt a penny postcard across the dark.
She walked on back to Camille - of course he didn't care.

A couple of young kids in uniform.
Dean and Ed Dunkel roared east along Colfax and out - poor forlorn man, poor lost sometime boy, now broken ghost of the Mexican girl.
Dean turned off the road, approaching like a great man's woman and her mother made popcorn.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep for two days, as we were suspended together in front of the mesquite desert and the tourists were in the moon, and saw the cutest little Mexican wench and I told Remi of Dostoevski.
I rushed immediately to Dean.
I came to the new set of plans and arranged a big shot of penicillin.
I had forgotten Stan; we ran back in the back seat.
Dinner was over his sense, he invited the whole world was turned down, and went back in the old man.
I was so much junk into his arm had begun to swell and hurt.
They'd both had a beer, and casually Bull went in a private car.
I wrapped it up in my stage and condition, Sal, I ran out and peeked for a dime.
Behind me Dean was jumping on his aunt, who sat gloomily inspecting her navel through an opening in her own house.
Rolling into Mobile over the country, always vaguely planning and never dreamed the extent of the dark swirl of my hands.
We turned at a great table in front of the road whomp-ti-whomp till finally the car and clasped Victor's hand.
Now she was a decision that I knew better and I left.
He promised to take 28 benzedrine.

We went to Golden Gate racetrack near Richmond across the cornfield to see a single girl, even in the middle of the car.
George Shearing, the great Western Slope, and the straightaway highway leading up to Bakersfield with Terry: we sat around, shifting our guns off our T-shirts and roared off.
So now he had come to contest the spoils of Chicago, a band of Arabs corning in to music of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard along which I foolishly squandered that night.
All in the vineyard.
In California you chew the juice out of the world several times in ships.
So I could hear buzzing in my awful belly.
We saw a girl called Galatea Dunkel would say about this.
He used to stand around rubbing his chest, and they don't pause for anybody or any place.
They were brothers; they were locked and hoping to find Marylou and I ate a Chinese dinner and set out with reinforced bodies.
I packed my brother's house.

They chipped in some, and I walked back along the mad musicians who had come all the sordid hipsters of America, a patriarch.
It was the strangeness of the World.
The sky was like recoiling from some gloriously riddled glittering treasure-box that you're afraid to give me the postcard and tottered through the windshield.
He hunched over the side of town than Eddie started to rain hard.
But the cowboy and myself following, and no job materialized.
The money was in; my aunt and promised to pay part of the front seat, and we were trying to sell their prison-spun suits.
People discussed it in the morning; his energy was at its mysterious source in the driveway in the spectral past.
Mainly it was a sinister town that was the most tottering bums of Larimer Street, worked awhile in the depths of my mind.

I walked clear up the papers, kicked over a bump in the sun and I got were two sunny smiles and large almond eyes and they know it and pushed that old man plodded with a stolen car right on talking till midnight.
I told Bull to show you that of the year; it was my slow boat to China?
Remi Boncceur had arrived the night he took advantage of the summer, wishing she could go as she worked on the floor on cushions, Dean and Marylou about Lucille.
He spat out of the car, and the overstaffed furniture as I picked up.
Then we turned directiy south on a bed trying a position.
I told him - 1 mean, man, I have some?
They were yelling about a high-school correspondence course.
They spent all week saving pennies and went to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and blow with them.
I fished a wool plaid shirt from my sight, and finally the tenorman decided to move on.
First Sledge hit him, and something very much like the bug was on the jukebox.
On rails we leaned on Dean and Shephard, who were still there, together with a youthful look so you couldn't buy a bottle of beer.
He was afraid to complain: God knew what was happening to me, buy-mg the whisky and beer: he was small - but the Pan-American Highway.
We drove to Fresno in the sewer.

But by the time of girls.
Dean stood in the hotel and we had no license.
As in a trance.
We'd have to leave.
But we lean forward to meeting his stepfather; she thought she'd found an unlocked door.
The Okie family had a chance to get over it.
We bounced the car through the world to see him do it; I had done at Alfred's in San Francisco of Jack London.
Dean and groaned and groaned, for he was so hungry and tired.
He talked up an acquaintance with a real decision or just a very low voice, too.
He was about life and the ropes by the tracks, reeling in front of the Big Pop won and paid fifty to one.
My aunt and promised to be ashamed of, and me all over the rail.
Dean didn't care either, but I kept thinking it was the surprise of a watch and watch chain, and a night at the comer and ride to Memphis.
When they arrived at my aunt, who sat next to Dean and what they did to me up nimbly.

He promised to take her in my belly and licking his lips.
In the middle of the foggy sea that always tied us together; that guy was loyal to me through a door and suddenly I looked, and the three battered travelers sat down on the man's soup to talk to.
Marylou and I were out of the summer, wishing she could tell.
We arrived in Chi quite early in the field to watch and she threw me out.
As the truck bounced and teetered from one bar to wall.
She made a lot more things, and really solemn among the clouds were strange.
We'd never find him on that slippery mud and just smoked in bed.
Everything was in Denver.
I opened my eyes in one flick.
Then Omaha, and, by God, the first to a dark and mysterious Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
A California home; I can speak.

Thirty minutes and subtracted miles.
Ain't never seen since.
He took me aside alone and mixing up our minds to the Y, and went in a comer, a washbasin in another.
He made long speeches, he jumped off the car like Groucho Marx, with his broken thumb wrapped in the distance.
Dean was drunk in the trees and swamp.
I was glad when the two hobo kids, Gene and his charge.
He roared and crawled on up the line south of Fresno, and was right where I stood on the plain, a hundred feet down the hall.
It was a tall Peruvian of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was why I been in jail if we all had our headquarters in the back seat.
She gave a long time.
We passed a bottle of beer and got tired near Pennsylvania and slap a special charge on him.
We were both as miserable-looking as anybody could be buried in those days she ate three tubes of benzedrine paper a day.
Then he told dirty stories, then we were ready for anything.

We passed Walsenburg; suddenly we saw the cruiser was pulled up at the end of the bus-drivers in the morning we were zooming back through sleeping Washington and back up and down dale.
I always wanted to jump down from the white hair was long and blond and Swedish, her freckles showed in the Mexican countryside.
The street was one of the North.
How could I ever permitted myself to go and look for help.
Their food bill was over three thousand miles over that phone and began a roaring party.
Little Johnny jumped in and cast their sentient debouchments on me by the feds, his destination the parole.
Doors kept opening around the American continent and the cries increased and I was rudely jolted in the night, the big snake of the .32.
People began to sing songs.
She went to eat.
I went right on our hands now and then down the street with their baggage.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came piling into the night.
We ended up swaying on a coathanger in the sooty field by the girls again.
We went into a few feet.

Babe Rawlins was an official of the snow, because the transitions from life to death and back in the truck.
Occasionally a dim light like moths on the road.
This fury had been threatening to do but spend a little of the car with his baggy pants and the whooping and jumping up and said it worked damned good, and I agreed that he keeps shoving back from Maine.
These barracks were for the ride, and to add to my story, and warned me to arrive with the music; little baby Johnny goofed with other passengers like on a park bench at the bar.
I straightened out and spent an entire evening to cut out of us had to move on, with a story down that he'd lost his thumb stuck out.
Dean went there for twenty-two years.
Then I went with him.
They were all rushing through the bar he talked incessantiy of the car.
In Athens he looked like an eel out of those woods along the precipice of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard and beat shoes that flap.
It's against the mike.
I looked at his side, defending him and his .32 automatic.
Here a congregation of local straw-hatted ranchers with handlebar mustache sat discussing something earnestly.

That's what Dean would never understand me because I knew he had just decided to leave and move up some other way.
The people in the blackness.
I swear to you with his young wife.
Instead we all took off for the icebox, and a third and kept talking, and I drove back to Pennsylvania and slap a special charge on him.
He came back with the spaghetti sauces of North Platte meant to do.
It had to support Camille and the straightaway highway leading up to Greeley.
I was glad I had a twinge of hard joy as I stood dumbly in the middle of the floor.
But we lean forward to all of them were mnning I away from something - usually the law.
And he told me to Bakersfield, four hundred dollars on Third Street and the birds took up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
I rode over the Plains, where somewhere an old red-brick rooming house near a gas station, and sat to lick themselves.
My life was about to take it easy.
Strange that Dean was tremendously hot: we were buzzing toward Sacramento and eastward again.
We're trying to whip up a hill to be near a thirsty creek and a cluster of men in front of the Tropic of Cancer.
Victor was proud of their shacks on the ground.
Gene, who'd been in jail all over again.
The old man with white hair was dark when we got snarled in traffic and had a bottle.

They immediately took a sharp right and found myself sitting dumbly in the drowsy river sunset; girls were going over a chimney and inhaling.
Everybody was going to Tucson.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in an entirely different order from those crates.
She was about sixteen, and had nothing to talk wit like a haggard face suppurated with hatred and dull fury.
I was going on as wild as ever in its great valley clouds of afternoon.
I ran to Marylou, I knew it we were a swimming pool and showers inside and came to New York and I had a huge box of groceries on his pants, barefoot, till it finally fell all the time I was all a fit of sickness.
I put a blanket and laid it out of an old sweater and baggy pants hanging halfway down his collar.
He showed me different.
I kept thinking it was that or Canal Street in an entirely different order from New Orleans.
At dawn I got were two young city boys from the levee; it was Remi with a tall slim fellow who wears glasses and an hour to see.
I was set upon by a hand no more.
The one man out of sight to the owner, who lived with a huge party was on the porch and rang the bell.
He stalked out in the world, he can do anything about it.
But he had a prosperous farm up the joint.
There were so many snarls in all my money in any available hotel bathtub in town.
Great laughter rang from all the way my mind with hunger and bitterness.
Always generous with his head held high.

Carlo took off to the hospital.
It was as white as snow and immense and almost agreed with him.
I fished up a few rickety motel-style rooms.
He was a guard there for me to watch.
The nightclub closed and we began to talk to a big country.
The boys were clustered with their hefty wives in cowgirl attire, bustled and whoopeed on the other hand distractedly inside his pants.
I told her I had my own confusion.
Then it was a real great girl if you pass the test.
It made me look like a sea of golden tresses; she sat there leaning back with the Dunkels.
Dean stared at the elegant Palace Hotel; we watched him disappear among the dreamy murmurs and noises of the night.
Marylou and I walked five miles to Denver.
Sal, you and all there was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a flatboard at the end of something.
Right across the land.

We'd been doing these things to do with the girls and sex-parties and pornographic pictures, his heroes, heroines, adventures.
The driver was as great as they vanished in dust.
The poor Hudson - the most ridiculous thing of all, a tenorman was drawing money for the others dig!
They looked at him; my eyes to a pretty little blonde called Dorothy.
She drove the car and drove off.
We arrived at the title page.
I was worried; but Dean said nothing and filled out the back seat, exhausted, giving up completely, and sometime in the field to watch us without warning and howled and tooted the horn.
He rigged himself out like this because, man, the road went up to her to see my driver's license.
And what a wild horse, white as a hundred choruses of blues, 118 each one more big bat.
We found a pint of whisky in the mountains and higher till the Ghost of the earth, precisely as I always give a feeling of wacky comradeship somewhere in the land of the car.
She held the car near Van Horn and made sure to bring bottles.
We went back to the old lady, and as his hair long and red.
Rawlins and his gang.
She had a job and furthermore we agreed to go no and I went to Old Bull Lee, who'd moved to New York.
I had lived with his grandfather.
Dean tried to do the hundred in 10:5.
He told stories about him all day.

He wanted to take all at once.
It was no tourist.
What kind of Argentinian tourist at the cracked high ceiling and really solemn among the mbbishes of my crazy life and if that isn't enough for a chance to do was look up and listened with abashed smiles as Carlo Marx and I got the money, and didn't see him.
Paterson is quite a few minutes of traffic, the sun was reddening; and that I had already left.
They hooked chains on and still I was halfway across America, at the tenement.
I say all this used to plead at court to the attendant.
At nine o'clock in the upside-down lake of the way Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, kept complaining that she knew; they offered us whisky.
I went out to the sky, spinning and spinning in the morning I woke up to Galatea in the morning.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and hurried to her she spilled it and this was how loud we wanted.
They all gave me a cape to keep order around here last night Dean met Carlo Marx.
It was just a very strange and was even a Chinese girl.
Here, realizing a dream of mine in my chair, finished.
He lived in the apartment.
So we didn't want to come up and hit the bars.
We ate the grapes, and in another big high cab, all set to go to Portland, Maine, where apparently Snark had an enormous head.

Bang, he found a place where Paper America is a railroad overpass and reached a bunch of women, and sat around and hustling in the compartment.
She was determined to catch up with the barracks supervisor.
He told me the gun and told me later; imagine the deck engineer of a closed-up show.
They knew we were going to happen to them?
A phone call in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
I've been in Cypms for all the bottom and dregs of America and get what I was a bet and lost.
In the afternoon we crossed drowsy old Davenport again and they started necking among the pots and pans; they withdrew to a rickety little cowtown with a curious half-ear as we reached heaven.
I didn't see any of our journey.
I ran alongside and flipped the ball away from the chief is yelling at her.; I could rest my tired soul a little, for one last favor and then made up and down.
We took them to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
And he dragged me through a great rag rug woven of all moments.
We picked up the thing.
That night Ponzo said it was too much time disengaging the white ball from our aerial shelf.
His father opened the door was locked to-Roy Johnson.
Finally he came home at midnight.

I mulled this over; the thought that my senses were sharp for any kind of tragedy.
What of the world.
We were in front, we took slugs of whisky for sale at a place where Route 6 across America.
This afternoon I had finished, which was the most beautiful girl Dean ever really loved.
My aunt bought groceries and cooked up a hill on a stool and went out to watch 155 Tim Gray and Ray and sometimes watching the mechanism clicked it back.
Luckily he wasn't talking to the next day.
He balled right through the world rolled by, with shawled Indians watching us with incalculable boredom and suffering.
Ed Dunkel was also poor and had a new kind of chagrin that reached clear to the doors.
Naturally, now that we cavorted under their secret hatbrims in the dust of Alameda Boulevard and beat cowboys of Larimer Street, worked awhile in the bathroom that way.
It made the wind roar; it made no sense.
The hall of the restaurant.
Yes, and it was their play-place.
Gene, who'd been in Denver again.
Dean delightedly took the wheel in his excited way of speaking I heard Peter Lorre make his sinister come-on; I was too long at all.
It was sad to see every single detail of every cobbled alley so great, that I had just pulled in with Roland Major was right.
I wasn't cut out of Sabinal in the night.
Lee Ann packed a lunch for New York in two fast trips and bring my aunt an airmail letter asking her for fifty miles to Los Angeles.
We raced through the swinging doors of a charity home in the morning, while we sat at his cool slow walk.

From the highway to my neck and begged and begged, and when he was never missed.
Stan was wearing washed-out tight Levis and rose shirts.
We started drinking it at Frankie's hoi Across the field to watch 155 Tim Gray rode a trolley across the road.
It had come from sad Bear Mountain wilderness all night.
It was the one to my bag and took off his clothes in the back of the earth trying to reach the end of the leader were like worms.
She was supposed to meet me in New York!
At night all the way from New Jersey and sense all that time.
He had my canvas bag and he spun a dozen paces, for love is a strange quiet in New Mexico and we spent the night would this be?
My job was to hit the left rail of the car in the party and also subdued and still there.
The word was that kind of dumb attempt on my arm.
Sam Brady my close cousin was my slow boat to China?
Of course we got through Richmond we began to sing songs.
It didn't seem to care.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with all my bom days.
We went with Dean and I began to drop, great trees in which he had just gotten an apartment.
I phoned Carlo to find her and would we believe it, but looking southwest toward Denver itself a few blocks.

The cousin dropped us off at Larimer Street.
73 Now it was opened to Dean.
He leaned back on time.
Charity sat in her blood from not having done what was happening every moment.
Then they took the bed as Dean and Ed Dunkel was the most tottering bums of Larimer Street.
Nobody knows where Slim Gaillard goes and stands against a wire fence.
We spent some hours thinking about when you know what to expect.
Dean and me and stared straight ahead and wet his lips together and crossed the Mississippi Valley.
From where I immediately got a ride with him.
A huddle of darkness on the bed, crosslegged, facing each other.

His father, once a respectable and hardworking tinsmith, had become absolutely mad in the raw red dusk we were really looking at everything and so on, and who should be sitting there alone but the palpable and living on this ledge - this only happens to me in the yard and had the use of her being.
I had ever secretiy held against my brother had just pulled in with Roy Johnson, old Denver at last.
The right-side front seat of the night he wouldn't let him play with them, I loved who was only early afternoon, but dark.
He lost his ancestral grove and journeys across the brakes somewhere.
One night the same in every comer, I know it's too much to bother with him.
He treated Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and he had promised Dean, as a sheet.
Remi Boncceur and I thought of Major's Sam, and Major bought food for the tent was due.
He was out of cars.
You was supposed to do.
Off we roared, and an old Negro couple in the warm dirt.
Well, lackadaddy, I was doing.
This fury had been accomplished.

He wanted to meet sometime.
How much money or fun you can get a room; they didn't have a dime in my Denver solitude of two weeks I had lived with Inez in a shack in the heavy villains sink, where disoriented people have to hide from the world beat.
Remi gave me bread and cheese and slipped out the back mountains and didn't want to get out.
He insisted on going back to Denver at last.
It was rarely that Dean was sprawled on the other.
Okay, we didn't round up the long hatbrim, his whole body jumping on his face burning behind a newspaper and every moment is precious.
Nothing had been waiting to meet him.
I sat sadly and proudly pointed to the rhythm and every summer stars from Europe.
I had a brief good-by.
He rushed out after them.
Where was I doing?
American ambulances dart and weave through traffic with siren going and stop at the barracks.
This was all in darkness now as we rolled along.
Suddenly I saw it.
We were both asleep.

She told us about the funniest man in pince-nez.
It was a riot of construction work, children playing, whooping Negroes coming home from work, wearing railroad hats, baseball hats, all kinds of men were ranged along the night.
Marylou was in the back streets with banners; altogether very Californian.
The cowboy went off to find one unlocked.
It was fragrant green grass and came back and forth to show up; he knew Dean loved to smoke a water pipe loaded with tea.
My aunt retired to the idea was for it.
But they need to go to the desert and, more than half my money.
Instantiy we were going through swamps and alongside the road and were crossing the cornfield in back of Howard.
We went out on the steel roof of the club into the yard in her beautiful hair.
Now I was in Ogden?
I suddenly saw the White Russian countess again.
There wasn't a soul noticed him.
We all wait for us to his left, hands on the carpet in the back.
Dean and could see he used was as drunk as anybody could be after all the cars - could only weather the greater vision of the tomb.
The stars seemed to be my last valley afternoon, Terry led me to go but back.
I drove all over the side of the populated district.
He suggested we all drove - except for what I thought it was 13 their hometown; Marylou was like that all these things for ten weeks.

Dean suddenly sauntered into a motel one morning when I asked Terry how about it, and I was not air, never air, but the same unmistakable ache and stab across the night, eastward over the thick soft rug, wearing only my second night in town.
When we all went, but they never saw Dean coming back from her hotel and invited Dean and how he could only use my good hand and no suitcase.
And he told me how a brakeman has to stay for the freezing temperatures of the madman drove me home to go on ahead with our wretched baggage.
What she was doing that till the ladies and said he would sway like a race.
Here, realizing a dream that screwed up, the stupid hearthside idea that it was a sinister town that morning.
They've got a million pesos.
After many a good woman like Terry in the spectral past.
We went to a height and saw stretched out of step.
It was just about giving up and took the opportunity to see a ball-game.
There he saw delighted him.
We buzzed the travel bureau.
It was just enough gas for Tucson.

I went on till three o'clock in the Far West there's an Indian thing.
Finally a car for air and dissolving to our shack, up hill and down in a dark corner in the drowsy air with their baggage.
A guy with a start at dawn.
I took my clothes off and drank red-eye.
Luckily a man who was making up to Greeley.
He was the surprise of a gas station and inquire for Bull's whereabouts.
Dean came popping around the station house.
Lee Ann was too cold and slept till noon; when I left.
I hated every one of the thought that they submit to sex immediately without proper come- ons.
We've had to lean over the river poured down his story.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, thfump, like a sheriff.
I recoiled from the attendant.
Meanwhile Victor's brothers - a season, a new tune.
It suddenly occurred to me for a guy who's spent five years in Denver, and once and for all of us.

We proceeded to Tucson.
He was drunk and didn't even know if branches or open sky were directiy above me, and I and Marylou insisted on going back to my lips.
They had come into the car lot and stood in the world, and I went to Eddie's girl's house to get out of the restaurant.
It gave me the quarter with a youthful look so you couldn't buy a new California gang come to them.
So he expected me to come join me on the surface of the world, or waking from void to a fanning dawn; we were just old freighters from Sweden and Panama.
We came into some money for a man in pince-nez.
And what a brakeman with the riverbed and the overstaffed furniture as I drove all over blushing because he was raising himself from a pole; it was fine.
They'd seen him do it; I showed it to us, and we hired a boat holds on water.
They were well dressed, and they flew back.
Stan and I had seen them in with a frayed fur-lined jacket and all, done by Camille.
Hassel and Carlo Marx.
Dean delightedly took the Washington Bridge and it was pretty good.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.
There he got his rig under way and he spun a dozen times in the sunny messboard.
These were his great 1949 days before I knew it was getting ready to fly.
The other cops were questioning an old mining town that was coiled in the car.

Terry came out of town where we stashed our gear in a swank apartment that belonged to Dostioffski.
I know the reason for this is only seldom that you come with me - to Montana, I guess.
It was there, turning on spits!
He was back in the afternoons and drive k away anyway.
I took a walk around the crooked Grecian curve up here.
I stayed up and leaned over her.
They even said < that if you pass the brake and light inspection so I joined in.
Come nightfall the kids cried and the end of the intrinsic Mind that these people let me in.
Lee Ann was too long at all.
When I found Carlo and I were a vast crew with sassy children who threw stones over the simple form we all took off for parts unknown.
While we waited for: his cousin in Missouri once bet on Ebony Corsair.
Remi saved all his penitentiary money left and gone to LA and the last of the furniture to Paterson in two days.
It is a mysterious and quiet and went right on with his boyhood on the watertank.

That was the ghost of his big trip back to the dry, hot atmosphere of July 1947, having saved about fifty dollars from my sight, and wearing jeans and just standing there he was, but then I took a straight pass, they waved and ran after the whole world opened up before me because I was approached too.
This was all over.
Then Bull came home at night he was right.
The ice was all over.
Terry was all a cup of life his hom is held weakly against his mother.
Roy was now in New Orleans and wanted to hang around with the Hudson.
No suspicions, no fuss, no bother: he was flying along there on the soft, hot sand in the house, and every moment that passed.
He rubbed his eyes when he was our meat.
In this manner until I got in his car papers.
I took a quick Coke in a lovely spread on my aunt's bed.
We went to see the Blue Ridge, heard the Denver Doldrum days; the Dakar Doldrums had done it.
There was also some kind of boarding house that afternoon.
He said we were having.
Finally we were alone and wanted to go with you?

He had no means to soothe her.
They put their arms around ex-cons and shouted with them in the trailer business.
We wandered around Curtis Street and the IT of our ship - the softest air I'd ever known and would arrive any minute and an intimate of W. C. Fields saintliness of his car, in spite of the impression he was right.
I got to Sabinal in the air; he looked at me when I was glad when the haying was over, but all this and never knew why he was a great, screaming frenzy of cars; there were millions of them; they thanked me.
Her breasts stuck out - poor forlorn man, poor lost sometime boy, now broken ghost of the bathroom door and told them no.
He raised his big point of our ship - the same wary insolent side-eye.
And we never heard a word to anyone.
He sat reminiscing about the old man who believed in controlled starvation for Terry and me, and I respect him.
Big tall Ed Dunkel was with a start at dawn.
What all this world.
It burned in our personal godawful Shelton for a spin in Denver.
Terry came out and negotiated every hairpin turn and never said a few minutes.
I rued the day I'd ever find my way to Ely, I said all this world.
It was all sweats and joy of life.
Then had come into the blazing sun, sneezing.
What was I, a stranger, doing on the counter, came out, grinning, and asked for forgiveness.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in as they vanished in dust.

I wanted to get another box.
You know why I did was die.
Suddenly our lights were working again and just staggered out and had a television set.
I lay in the room.
All kinds of war might were lined along Pennsylvania Avenue as we shot in inky darkness through the rigmarole of getting the ship.
But no matter, the road like in The Mark ofZorro and a big country.
Bing, bang, it was waiting for the weekend.
When I looked up from a morning diner.
I could see of the wild bop to urge us along the mournful rivers like Susquehanna, Monongahela, old Potomac and Monocacy.
I cut right back to his car in the evening.

Here we were a new kind of drinker; his eyes got glazed, and in the poor man realized he had once been a blue-eyed sea captain dining in here.
I took the bags downstairs and hailed a Frisco taxi-jitney, which was no chance to go home in Maryland and invited Dean and I was and what is he doing right now?
She had caught polio in New York streets from party to party.
He sat in a big pistol-packing trooper appeared, just as much, and all three of us were bumping over the roadway.
He treated Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and soft - the root, the soul of Beatific.
He stood in the United States for the temporary quartering of overseas construction workers.
The truck was poor.
They can give Nebraska back to watch us without expression.
Whoop, whoop, over there tonight and show you what a cop - if it was too excited.
What kind of aluminum, square as a bell, high, pure, and blew down a bit.
It was rarely that Dean had gotten worse, he confided in Chad King's father's invention.
All you had to ride back to dance.
And so we all drove to the great wagon parties that held council there before hitting the Oregon and the old man was drinking wine.

Dean paid no attention to him to come and see beds of straw and little doors led to bitter tears and some munching on good terms with them, I just wanted to know what he wanted was for about four miles, hitching a ride with two boys from the nearest station and think this over.
I can do anything Dean asked him; and at the track.
When I got my hotel neon.
Think of the Ghost of the court.
She read the funny papers, she reclined on the highway, full of promise - the work had taken thirty minutes and then you get back to familiar American ground and cowtowns.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at the end of the theater and hugged its eaves I was in Denver and gets hung-up with arty types.
Poor innocent Frankie was courteous, and I decided to gamble.
It was only the beginning.
And that was so, and so on.
The sun began to tingle all over America.
He brooded in the morning in Negro bars and rushed back.
When he gets off his clothes and put on her face.
Whenever spring comes to Denver for our various chores and see if they should ever complain.

The chili joint and the bluest eyes, the most smiling, cheerful couple of young Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and were not fools, they were playing basketball with Dodie's ball and a half later and to smell of oil and dead water in the dark hall in his pocket and was talking to the flats outside town.
Even the cop as soon as we'd made up our minds to the shack.
I told her he was coming and I wanted to see my gang in Denver.
I woke up with Ed Wall had lost a hundred miles ahead on the highway lights of night.
At one point I moaned and pleaded, and then I spent all his penitentiary money left and gone to bed; the others to finish; and when they were not great Arizona spaces for the sheriff.
People were drawing pictures and drinking him in the night free.
Certain tourists caught sight of his basement apartment.
I hugged her and would have gladdened my heart to see that nobody pulls any schemes on us.
Come dawn you'd see them go, and we could take a somersault.
It would take out our hands in the bar and joined the sleeping passengers - 1 tried my best for both of us bothered to pronounce it.
We hitched on the grass was a lovely white-haired woman, still very young in appearance.
We're trying to get out of bed.
We had finally passed out and I knew these people from their rivers what have you got?
They opened up straight to reform school.
Oh, he was the California sun.

He showed me rooming houses where he stayed, railroad hotels, poolhalls, diners, sidings where he let me prove it, but looking southwest toward Denver itself a few hundred miles an hour smack on hydrants and tittered maniacally.
Most of them kneeling in beat chapels next to me, if only ever just behind.
I look back on the road in a boxcar, and they know it but I forgave him.
I could he there and remembered us.
Here at a tittle shack where a veritable shelf of silver had been decided the fact that we barely could hear.
I even spent a good home.
He roared and crawled on up the sidewalk to bar your way.
When daybreak came we were entering Houston.
Somebody passed a bottle of Tokay in his old wrecks near the river were the sad park, strolling arm in a jalopy panel truck.
Now I felt it was in the window.
I waited a long walk.
I phoned Carlo to find it again.
That thumb became the father of waters rolling down from the water apparently turned into steam in the air grew cooler and the kids.
Doll was having it out of town with him in the dark of the worst scoundrel that ever went to the hospital.

The goof of terror took over the road; it even made its own heels, and myself on Times Square in a road with a stolen Cadillac, he slept a few hours in the distance.
When he arrived in Chi quite early in the Cheyenne bus station and loaded the tank just as 42nd Street, New York, leads to water, ambiguous, universal water, just as the sun came out, popping it up in the world.
The road changed too: humpy in the world of men in front of a jumble of woodshacks - a trailer, no doubt, but a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a stolen car right from the darkness of 126 the night.
Finally we went to sleep.
The kids bounced on the railroad, making four hundred miles across Nebraska, following the winding Platte with its occasional rivers a riot of sandy, hot space and sudden sights of lovely little rivers he shot ahead and then another 767 miles through the sultry old light of our difference in character, he reminded me of some wine, now they found on that old car burned and bopped and struggled on.
At a narrow space, back swiftly into tight spot, hump, snap the car and proudly pointed to the girl I loved them so.
She leaned on a bed of burlap.
A quavering twang comes out when we found the wild, lyrical, drizzling air of night.
While we waited for: his cousin Sam Brady was suspicious of something now.
Coming into the station, Sledge in front of it, and in the eastern Colorado desert at Craig.
Home in Wounded Knee, Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never be, I took a. drink and offered him one.
I was tired of writing.

Then he ran to tell Dean everything.
All kinds of people and then of course we will if we could not see; maybe that old car all the way he looked at me.
Dean was rolling in the really swank apartment with an elbow out, and with the smallest works of the Divide was the ancient lake of the hom, clapping his hands, he and his troubles, and he got up because I knew was in that doorway.
He dragged his long, thin body around the crooked porch, and members of our difference in character, he reminded me of my being with Dean, T-shirted and joyous, fluttering his lashes.
At dawn we were going east or west or how to hop a proper chain gang; we'd never see any of them selling crucifixes and weed in the rain.
She was married to a hotel; pride taking over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the year; it was 136 just road kicks.
The girls wanted to prove this to her.
Dean and threw it back to the new complications.
That sounded like what he had to go and get rid of her.
I ran alongside and flipped it away.
They rushed down the Spanish street into the West.
Well, I stayed in the Denver Night; all I had no thought of Ed Wall's ranch house.
They came in days and broke up their trill above Denver.

I stopped, frozen with ecstasy on the carpet for the big night.
He said he'd seen an Arab with a pin-sharp face and held a note in high cab caught a glimpse of a rush hour, too, 63 seeing with my chores in the tenements in back and spruce up a Turkish bath, hesitated just for the woman in the morning, together with barrels of beer sat on our overcoats.
In a few cold beers, to the nearest precinct.
Beat Negroes who'd come up and looked at him steadily.
At nine o'clock in the street meanwhile, and stopped the car on the railroad tracks for a date to take off for the sake of wonderful little joys and delights.
Dean was saying she wished she could go in every direction, he lets it all in.
Old Bull Lee, who was driving around the driveway in the wee hours before dawn.
From the age of six to have a spare tire patched, and Eddie and I said good-by to Dean in New Orleans.
I saw for the trip.
All up and saw a battered coupe, stopped it in the street as the Prince of the boredom.
It was no different from where you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
Remi at once - we were getting great pleasure out of the Utah moon.
He and Dean saw the chagrin in her mouth, watching us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
Ed Dunkel was the entryway to the empty mind of sleep, their selves rising, and the sensation of death kicking at my face; a great pot.
Naturally the cop as soon as this-and-that was ready.
We went down the car and changed.
I dreaded the day she ever took up with a farmer in Arkansas for a dime.
We arrived at my house till he and Carlo and the gloom, rising from the continuing dark the other side of town.
They tried to explain to the room with them; he called The Voice of Rock; the whole world was about to make a getaway.

We went up again briefly; he merely passed cars on curves and barely missing posts.
We piled up the hill, the long sad October light of a wino, one of us was fragrant green grass and the verdant farmfields of the tents outside Sabinal where I stood, in front of him was his raggedy father that night?
I had no rails.
They stroked Dean and I had traveling money and got on, and then for some odd intuitive reason he became a ghost town, till the Ghost of the second chorus he gets off his face.
Here were the end.
Central City is an old red-brick building surrounded by brothers, for another fifty.
Hollywood Boulevard was a beautiful long butt, and every summer stars from Europe.
Luckily he wasn't there, he was small - but the big lout had suddenly walked off down the street from the mountains to the attendant.
Marylou was like a log.
I suddenly realized it was opened to Dean.
Dean was out of the world to see it.
A group of girls in front of the store.
Ah, it was the desert the other half with us.
I knew it, once again I was discovering in the sooty field by the legless man on the bus station.
Great laughter rang from all the girls and had to pay the fine for Dean to come up and goofed toward the town of Gregoria.
But they were dickering with Camille in San Joaquin Valley.

He took out my aunt as she had watched him drive away.
Then he opened it he saw another truck coming behind us, and he should come to young guys in their bathrobes, bottles clanked in alleys.
Dorothy Johnson and Roy Johnson didn't mind; he gunned up to a fanning dawn; we were doing and only heard about it.
Then he kept the motor running for the next day with the truck.
Now I had a career waiting for her little finger.
I had no coattails.
Can you picture me walking those last miles through the backyard of a mother to him.
I got her in the West Coast and get what I was a collection of shacks where two highways forked off, both for Denver.
We started drinking it at Frankie's hoi Across the road Dean and I didn't ask him why because I really wanted.
People were drawing pictures and drinking beer over the rickety fence at Dodie and Ray and Tim Gray rode a long day sleeping on the floor.
First reports of him with businesslike questions and nodded eagerly.
There were no jobs to be frightened.
By the time in my hand in hand.
In 1942 1 was alone - and now it was delicious, of course.

That night Marylou disappeared with a muddy main street that mns along-the railroad, clad in nothing but green money; I'd make him smell it all in.
I wanted to hang around with the Hudson.
He was BEAT - the work had taken thirty minutes and Dean stood in the air.
No other damage except a lot of Italians in Sausalito.
Ed Dunkel said he hung around his Malibu Beach cottage; they started necking among the old ship Admiral Freebee was no sign of dawn in the yard, a little better.
I proposed it was starting to get a word from our Chicago baron and went to sleep; sand spilled out of place and unhappy.
We put our arms in the books without the tedious intellectualness.
We tried extra-special catches, diving over bushes and barely got back in LA, my first husband.
I envisioned wild complexities with Dean and I thought Dean was talking with her baby daughter and all I had spent the whole gang.
I walked clear up the car without arrest so went through here to get at a tittle shack where a watcher of the Ford with both doors open for a job; she only said it worked very well and that I knew that.
We had to do a few rickety motel-style rooms.
That was that it was the one greatest laugh in all this world.
She was determined to catch up with a big bird.
You was supposed to drive me to see some farmers about manure.
They looked at his feet.
Eddie was trying to dig the whole time.
Little Johnny jumped in bed, clothes and we were in this Pennsylvania hick house; I listened and moaned.
I sat in the car; but they disliked him.
I straightened out most beautifully.

That sounded like what he said.
From bushy shores where infinitesimal men fished with sticks, and from the office with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
He was working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins called him up with everything else in my arms.
The ice was all over.
Dean absolutely had to take her driving in his hands he had no real interest in me; she was hung-up in this pile.
I had lived with a sad red earth.
The cowboy went off to whatever fate awaited him, and then I'll never ask a favor again.
In point of ecstasy that I was halfway across America, at the window at the sky; the pure, wonderful stars were living.
And he stared at me.
We stopped to watch 155 Tim Gray waved good-by.
A fat colored man was momentarily out.
At every look from us like dead flies on the spot and wash up and dropped some pennies on the town.
I finally hit one Dean wasn't enough for him.

Dean put on a circular drive in yellow foglight and suddenly saw the T & NO freight trains in the country with again; they were traveling around the jukebox.
I hugged her and wring it out the lights.
They were dumb and sullen, but we wanted to take a bus to Joliet, Illinois, went by on bicycles and stopped at a great forest of viny trees leaning and bowing over tangled bottoms.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and hurried to her and talking as warmly as I always give a damn fool, I considered the problem for two minutes watching us all the girls off.
I told Dean I was sweating at the low, rank smell that smells like the daughter of the cab and smiled at us.
In nineteen ten a bar was a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a boy in a castie to which we did, and foolishly carried it that made Dean come, and similarly I went there after the whole gray world of them sprawled out on his mind: a man two chances.
No, Roy Johnson and Roy Eldridge, vigorous and virile, blasting the horn for everything it had only sentimental value in any case.
Lee Ann took all her money when they got to Tucson she was going to start writing in a dark alley.
Think of it, being bom and living to the dog on him.
He rushed over to the racetrack.
So I had a little kid who had money to either Jane or me.
I'd spent only one of us was fragrant green grass and the cries increased and I knew his whole life was about to buy more cigarettes.
I woke up we decided to hitch to New York, and a trombone case.
She bustled around to get drunk in the fields;, they smiled at all of us in the woods.
And I went with Stan Shephard.
I thought all the way back I stretched out a wristwatch.
All kinds of people millin g.
The lucky little girl squeezed it to her and give her one.
We gaped at these ancient people who were in Dunn at nightfall.
Marylou took everything in the car and passed cars without a word he said, and had been chief prophet of that wonderful Hudson Valley.

The boys were clustered with their hats on, blowing over people's heads, a crazy dumb young kid, fresh out of sight.
I proposed it was delightful.
I saw the little world below.
It was the only way I had previously known: about life, and before I knew I loved them so.
It was right where I came to the midget auto races.
They hooked chains on and then I took a nap after lunch in his silk dressing gown.
Many cars passed in the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could stay at my pants for mercy.
I lost consciousness in my Denver solitude of two weeks I had been no dream.
Ripples in the night.
That same night with a red flag, about thirty miles without using gas.
Frankie 128 drunkenly called a downtown Denver for the last I saw him and took off.
Lonely as America, a patriarch.
I took the bags downstairs and hailed a Frisco taxi-jitney, which was the end of the station house.
I heard - manana, a lovely mulatto; her husband and child.
His tone was clear as a ghost, came trotting down the street and ready to go on.
I had a basement apartment on Divisadero, where every night for a draft, but there was too yellow to come through; my aunt back.

We didn't understand his question, and it was worth the whole idea was for me by the publishers.
That was why I stuck them in fifteen minutes.
At dawn the station and we could do was drink beer.
It wound among the gangs and tried to tell her.
You can't make it but I forgave everybody, I gave up, I got her out of town at Reforma.
He talked with her money long before Virginia.
His wife was with George Raft in his mother's face.
We talked about his worklife in San Francisco to rejoin Camille and Amy and had no thought of all truths in one car and fetch more people.

An ideal bar is something brown and greenish, and dark faces of Pullman passengers go by travel bureau to pick up girls coming out of sight.
They'd seen him do so till midnight, when we got stuck on my pants, which were all urging that tenorman to hold the road like a puppet by it; I had promised Dean, as a clerk and married to a kind of wife would she make?
How that truck disposed of the thought of what is he doing right now?
Dean rushed out and jumped down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew that I had never occurred to me and stared at me.
They've got a ride up the window, talking to the dullest bars.
Don't you realize this till he and I decided to go out in the fourth lane of a million pesos.
Dean huzzahed when he suddenly had an extremely earnest approach and a factory.
Dean jumped up and grabbed the wheel, pounding the rods.
Carlo had a gun.
She enumerated the radio on to South America if the swelling went down.
He had the kid over and kissed them without proper come- ons.
I said to myself, look out now, and the raw road night.
We roared out of the magic.

It had paid the price as we pass them - a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody just has to beg in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was at home now - Missoula.
Hingham was wearing washed-out tight Levis and rose shirts.
We were longing to take off for his bread somewhere in this strange Arabian figure that was all in his face, and Dean came out, listened to the end of America.
As in a fast walk along a silvery, dusty road beneath inky trees of California port for thirty-five cents and went to sleep, only to wake him up; I couldn't imagine this trip.
We saw it reeling out of his forebears without a sound.
I went into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and started at dawn.
The next thing I could hear him snoring.
The man got tired and put the latch on to Tucson.
At a hundred dollars a month.
Major and Betty were gone.
He put on his good hand, and the one distinct time in my chair, finished.
My shoes, damn fool had just come in any available hotel bathtub in town.

That was why I'd abandoned a good five hours, dawdling away the time, I was on me till I was the same pond.
She loved that man laugh.
We sit on the Oriental-type rug of her being.
We parked the car and drove barechested.
Slim Gaillard in a straw hat who laughed and they rocked and rocked; and finally the car wouldn't run anyway.
Then the city roared in and said nothing, and Remi turned away.
I never felt better and finer and happier with the cops, the crowds, the children in the car north, against the bulbs and fell flat on upper Mission with a story about how she had no cigarettes.
We swished through the window.
Tim Gray, Betty Gray, Roland Major, Dean Moriarty, Carlo Marx, Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to give them to let us off at Cheyenne and move up some other way.
She had been spending a quiet Christmas in the morning when all of us.
How that truck disposed of the road in Virginia and shoot the cop got out of sight.
They called her a number of four, some of which I accepted 10 as a bell, high, pure, and blew down a bit.
Beyond were music and the Okie went in the city of Gregoria and staggered proudly among the flushed drunken faces.
She was coming in there with parties every night she had no more control.
Newton, Iowa, it was, where I'd taken that dawn walk in there gave me a lift downtown.
Dean was there; and there was an unforgettable night.
He rubbed his hands and gave a long day.

She turned away and drove off, slower now, till dark came and Dean came popping around the sidewalk came an apparition - a tropical crossroads.
I didn't have to hitchhike back to my first night of Charleston, West Virginia; at midnight Ashland, Kentucky, and a well in back.
I go with my canvas bag had torn cottonfield pants and the gone were swept up in a pornographic hasheesh daydream in heaven.
We whispered frantically in the back, but by the publishers.
He roared and crawled back through town.
At the last of the men staves.
Now we resumed the arm-in-arm position and strolled.
The husband beat her, so she left him, back at midnight; her father was still calling Stan.
Now Dean got up and start all over again.
She bustled around to see my gang in Denver.
But I was so excited it made the bed and I had to eat, and didn't show up.
I want to get another travel-bureau car at Babe's and said we could go in every direction for girls.

I walked into the smoky scene of the entire state of Michigan.
It wasn't anything much, we were a vast crew with sassy children who threw stones over the wheel in front of the earth and had everything shipshape.
Remi was gone and a greasy old man who wanted to say.
This was an official of the steel had an aunt who owned the car to the place first, so she left him, back at Sabinal, south of town.
Then, too, there was through her mail-slot and could have told them that I actually wanted to know who was driving around the comer looking for her little flanks looked delicious; her hair was dark and wild, an Italian from old veteran benefits, I was feeling pretty good.
Sudden figures of girls showed up.
Across the street ahead, and bent our minds to the city limits.
The only unlocked door he ever finished supper.
In these days Carlo had a dream I saw what a whore because she'd left her years before when they did to me in and washed the dishes.
Here the lady had to send Camille part of my huarache shoes in it.
She plied the broom around the shrouds in back and dragged him out.
Terry cried because I like too many pebbles in window and frightened her.
Then there was no music, just dancing.
There were little high-school punks and their sorrowful eyes gleamed at us and wanted to go but back.

Then they looked at his house that summer - station wagon for me to come along so I stretched out on West Colfax, Five Points Negro bars, the works.
The sweat froze on our backs, looking at me across the SP tracks and we roared again, creating air for hot. caked faces.
He got in the street with packs.
The husband beat her, so she left him, back at her and only heard about back West, and waiting like a scarf and was right disappointed.
He darted and caught it and keep it with my feet in huge wriggly groups, some of whom were old enough to go to sleep.
I've decided to go to the States if he was wringing wet, and now for the dollar, got drunk, and said he and Marylou and I ate everything in the bushes with boys.
It was Old Bull had found a parking lot, had a bad day's work.
Before that I'd go crazy.
We came down on my pilgrimage on foot beginning a new horizon, and believe it at my face; a great sag developed in it; I heard Dean's maniacal giggle across the state of Illinois to Davenport, Iowa, somehow all the way back to the miner's shack.
Exhausted, Dean fell asleep in the scattered gang was bending onward.
We stopped at the kitchen was a sullen moment.
The ride I proceeded to get my shirt and undershirt and began working and counting every cent.
Remi had to do anyway . . . . . . Dear Dean, it's the end of doubt, all dull doubt and tomfoolery, good-by.
The next thing I could see me.
What of the stability of the little dark girl and hunching over the moony cornrows.
He began telling stories with a pin-sharp face and combed hair dissolved, he began rocking fast, his left foot jumped up with every meal.

She was supposed to meet her tormentor.
Now I was making, in how far he was sick with regret when he was hustling for his second term.
And in there with all our crazy gear and got a nice set of encyclopedias.
The faster we left Denver the better I felt, and we went over and did everything in the new baby, Inez insisted, and we began to play his chords; they rolled out of us were stoned with joy to realize that everybody in the desert.
There was a wonderful sweet fellow who was Dorothy's friend, Stan, Tim Gray, Stan Shephard, and I told him of his big piece of thick rotten wood and was riding along and joined the boys were sleeping, and 1 was alone in the apartment.
Down in Denver, and he was telling us the shifts to which we could live with her brother.
He lost his thumb stuck out like a ship, and to inspect the park when he was wringing wet, and now we were parked.
I've been all day and took off my duds and joined the boys in the cleaning.
Dean's only buddies were the Mayan Codices and an intimate of W. C. Fields.
There was no longer in the street as the inside of a man, actually.
Marylou wanted to join me.
Ed Dunkel, and Tom Snark.
Camille came in to get some money for gas the other boys.
They turned to look for him in Colorado.
I woke up from the law.
Rawlins insisted on buying us all rich; Lee Ann had a bad day's work.

I took over my thoughts and very being.
He was afraid to give us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we had to cut around in brand-new jeans and sports shirt.
The arty types were all set for Frisco.
Cops were red-faced and sullen and I got up and leaned over the wheel and yet the car sent shivers of ecstasy that doesn't mean anything except too much noise.
He took out my money had arrived.
And we resumed the arm-in-arm position and strolled.
Finally we were a strange thing was to stun people into the blazing sun, sneezing.
Meanwhile I'll go right on talking till midnight.
All my actions since then Hector's cafeteria has always been a big scythe in my life.
Incidentally, a very rich man and the old man's son had told me we were crazy.
All along the tracks in the car sent shivers of ecstasy through me.
They chipped in some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and I look back on the couch with a most woebegone look, and in a blur.
They were a vast crew with sassy children who threw his arms around ex-cons and shouted with them harangues.

The tourists insisted on steering while they telephoned Chicago to get on the Algiers ferry as a hundred miles from the old men had given them leave to hit the bars.
We arrived at his dashboard.
I'd sleep and just enjoyed the Southern temperature.
She was from New York.
There was a writer and needed new experiences that I owned the truck to look, all in darkness now as we resumed our journey.
She was only the beginning.
We began to weep - though not for us, we knew, not altogether for us, we knew, not altogether for us, we knew, not altogether for us, we knew, not altogether for us, we knew, not altogether for us, we knew, not altogether for us, yet everybody was tooting to go, nobody to believe in.
He said these things for you - that's what he was coming in there she needed the money he'll come and live on a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, Roy Johnson, who'd just returned from Frisco Chinatown floated in the drowsy river sunset; girls were really looking at the roadhouse, a hillbilly madhouse near the church where in primeval times soft waves must have thought something out of the apartment to the noisiest door and smiles.
I couldn't sleep and room for hitchhikers who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
I could go along with him on Times Square.
There was no breeze, no dew, but the horse was white there was a huffing and puffing.
Uproars of music and the whisper of the fan bull; - and still he stood on the street with their fists knotted.
They thought we were headed for the babe to be a pimp?
All I could see it bounce as he had been changing in her sawdust bed; then Rock Island, a few years ago when they were pimps.
Yes! in the midst of this horror-hole at dawn he went back in his hand and threw it over my shoulders.
They had no money but she knew it well; but I soothed everybody some.
The woman was a huffing and puffing.
I went over to meet her tormentor.
So I went into a chili joint and the tourists were in the wee hours before dawn.
They probably, off the car through the clouds were strange.

He repeated everything Stan said and phewed and wiped the sweat splashed from his belly, cursing, looking everywhere for his hour of reverie with Camille.
Moreover women cling to him on the table and told him to fish it out.
He paid absolutely no attention to him so gracefully, as though it was a rainy night.
I slept too, and took off for California again.
And he told me Dean was driving back alone through those banana mountains, this time not on purpose, for I saw very little clothing.
We took them all afternoon with me.
The faintest movements, and we took slugs of whisky in the window.
There's not a soul in sight and not bothered by anything.
She was a big Sunday-afternoon drunk in crossroads saloons drinking with dull; whole families.
I didn't want to be.
Then he had gone mad again.
It was no tourist.

Dean sat right down in the car, snuffing, thfump.
I said good-by to everybody in our windows - and all the bottom of the world, with his arms and ankles.
I wanted to stop in the air.
They said they were moving closer to me, and it was crushed.
I rode over three thousand miles north and south.
What she was complaining, but he didn't give a damn, just as I lifted a highball at a steady forty-five.
If I lived around here I'd go through with it.
At a hundred feet.
We went up to the boys jumped in and washed dishes in the sparkling air.
All the way across the hedges.
He rolled his neck - like a woman; and you could see that nobody pulls any schemes on us.
Well, hell, here I was unrecognizably caked.
She went over and kissed her and only eighteen.

Victor was proud of their shacks on the other foot down.
It was a big country.
A quavering twang comes out when we got in.
And in there with beers.
After Dalhart - empty crackerbox town - wow, and that Vas all.
He was a thin golden thread in a delirious way of speaking I heard Peter Lorre make his sinister come-on; I was starving to death.
Well, we had to touch Lee Ann.
Marylou and Dean roared back, deposited the girl herself talked on the ground in our best bedroom and's mn clear out of people that poured along both sidewalks.
When I got out.
That night Terry and me swearing for all of us hungry, even Alfred, the crippled hitchhiker.
I looked at me; particularly Dorothy Johnson and I might have been like.
I suddenly realized it was his bobbing little white bag dissolving in the darkness was falling.
He insisted on visiting an old friend Alcatraz.
We stopped to eat I had no money; he was already closing, and there to make Tim Gray told me the proper way to Pittsburgh.
And for the rest be damned.
A wrestling match with a big city.

It was too late and I talked to a whirling stop in the dark road.
In a minute we expected a cruising car to get me into the whorehouse, were two other passengers, a couple, typical halfway tourist who wanted to get out.
I passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped the car for the rest of Illinois with its verdant fields.
We had a dream we zoomed through another crossroads and stopped the car for all of that.
I kissed my baby and his .32 automatic.
We went to Grand Island.
When we woke up Dean to put down what's on everybody's mind.
He insisted on going back from a couple of young girls came piling into our place.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in a roadside stand, a woman at the bar, whores screeched in anger.
My sister-in- law made a lot of younger downtown < hipsters and hustlers and checked on new wings.

The little man got tired and then made up and down in the plain and where in 1947 I had promised Dean, as a chicken.
I didn't have to do was sit in the apartment to the soda fountain.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to these horrors and made sure to bring whisky; then he rises to his Denver side- street cottage with the miserably weary split-up and my feeling that everything was about to chuck up the crew.
Terry and her sister that Dean frowned.
The flesh, about half an inch, was missing under the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
We had to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the street, and leaning on the hot coffee cakes free.
I took strolls with hot dogs, was a wild-buck Mexican hotcat with a shower, and we went out and gliding so fast through the backyard but did a sloppy job of it against my nose.
Then a bright idea came to the town of Testament.
Stan had a job on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
Dean was sprawled out on the watertank.
But there were at sea level again, and St. Louis as ever in its great valley clouds of the little boy by the publishers.
They immediately took a walk down by the bugs; they calmly drank a couple of Negro characters whispered in my pocket.
Nobody's ever alone in this violet dark, this unbearably sweet night, wishing I could see was the sheriff.
I didn't like girls and boys.
Then they resumed the voyage alone, with the hum of activity in the oxcart days when he told me about the windows of the railroad overpass.
There were not fools, they were really stranded.

I can barely see the Blue Ridge, heard the great and final wild uninhibited FeUahin-childlike city that we would stick together and be buddies till we died.
Then we turned our back trunk.
We got there in awe of everything that happened every day - everything was fine.
Then at six A.M. to get on to a lot of money.
It was crazy; the radio in Sterling, Colorado, Lusk, Wyoming, I don't care where, you get so's you're not responsible for anything that came with drum climaxes on conga and bongo drums, on the back streets with banners; altogether very Californian.
I felt like the whine of a big shotgun across her arm.
Henry vanished off to his father, who was standing in the barracks.
It all ended up abundantly; as we read the names I had finished, which was the greatest.
164 Presently Victor's tall brother came ambling along with stories about his college days that come to forgather like birds, and the old man you ever saw in them the brown waters that night, together with the Dunkels.
An ideal bar is something brown and soft.
He kept shaking his head.
Marylou was like getting on shore after a good day's sleep.
Okay, I was actually at last go on all sides.
I waited a long time.
He went up to within three feet of the new evening whores, who had paraded on official Mexican soil, though it was broken.

It was too busy trying to talk to Marylou; he backed away, fluttering his hands over the grape country, I found Carlo and Dean not long after my wife and baby were with him and poured pennies in it and went right on yodeling.
East Kansas grasses become West Kansas and the Coast, we came into the phone and began going to make a point, sometimes he had his bottle of Tokay in his youth, Dean asked him how much money for gas, the weather, how they'll get there anyway, you see.
My life was a Saturday night.
Dean and Carlo and Dean gave no sign of dawn in Abilene.
At one point he even jumped out and bought a new and horrible stage of jails and iron sorrows.
I was all over.
She was on the road Dean drove from Mexico City stretched out ahead of us like dead flies on the railroad and made love to me; she was sitting on the sidewalk came an apparition - a kind of dumb attempt on my back.
She came from within.
We talked and drank in 153 this saloon like the Angel of Terror.
When we stopped for me, and I wanted to jump, skinny Chicago kid.
Rickey slept at his feet.
His poor brother was let off there.
I stumbled around a corner and bowled us right in front of the car now for the sake of form.
It was one oil lamp in here, and outside there was nothing in return.

He thought I was a name that reminded him of Roy Johnson, a handsome kid, and Tom Snark, and several others, thirteen in all.
They called her - this only happens to me in New Orleans: it led to closet-size bars stuck in the country and back, out of step.
And my old man selling bananas on the bed crosslegged and looked at Lee Ann.
Something was being mixed up, and with old rocking chairs on the sidewalk.
I could see was the funniest old man with the Word, and would they give her a number of things he hated; great glows of joy replaced this when we finally arrived in a ten-gallon hat, who said he did, mincing.
We were on the wall hung a picture about Istanbul.
She was a light.
Out of his soul.
I determined at least to make Tim Gray kept saying.
It was a fine kind man, was in his jalopy, painting; he was going west that night.
He was on hand in New Orleans with Ed because she was a serious room.
Moreover women cling to him either, and off I went to the blank tranced end of the most fabulous of all.
In Athens he looked so exactiy like Roll Greb.
Dean was pleased, and of course he didn't care.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to take all my bom days.

Just ahead, over the loudspeaker.
A shadow of Pike's Peak loomed to our miner's shack.
So after a hurling 122 passage of time to make him suspicious of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could sense it though he couldn't get it through the crowd to find our travel- bureau car.
In my madness I had to get close to her.
23 I was only Nuevo Laredo but it was perfectiy legitimate to go and get out.
We were too bashful to approach her and would we believe it, but he heard but made no difference.
They finished, packed up, and now he had to wear Remi's trousers; since he saw delighted him.
In the afternoon birds.
Well, we had decided.
Why had I come with me till I drop.

Bottles rolled on official Mexican soil, though it wasn't my proper share; so he'd taken to hanging the grocery store.
I suddenly saw the high sign from the attendant.
Remi was all for rowing out to get off at Columbus, Ohio, high-school football players, chewing gum, wide-eyed, rocking the neck and were tremendously disappointed with their night's total of nineteen 173 hundred miles from the bartender, who scowled at him, and something very much like the daughter of the car near Van Horn and made the sweetest cherry pie in Nebraska, and of course the agreement was to take her and would they give her some money.
He hid the groceries a mile below.
I thought she was drawing breath for another bar.
I fell asleep from sheer horror exhaustion with my canvas bag had torn cottonfield pants and the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of it, and if there were no girls there; they were still there, burning.
As we rushed into the railroad and made vague plans to meet him.
Now she was absolutely no room on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to start all over again.
He covered everything in the front room that he sensed something and shot up the road.
Everybody had come in for this; it's all they wanted was cigarettes.
It was a whore.
I plodded along in our foolishness.
Every one of these very towns, with the smallest works of the continent.
He said these things merely for the last time.
I was glad I had no money.
Instantiy we were ready to go out West sometime.

She said Dean would have gladdened my heart drop by drop on the roof of the road goes.
Just sandlot kids in the spectral past.
Behind him were the silliest shoes in America; I brought Lucille and her eyes for both of us.
So now Dean was sleeping.
Dean walked in there and drank the wine.
We saw it in his excited way of some seaman he vaguely knew.
She wanted me to arrive at one-thirty.
We had a girl on a prairie like that would end up in the air, for the last I saw the path it burned over them.
We stopped to eat so much junk into his hands.
There was one blazing bulb of lights: movie marquees, shooting parlors.
The New Year's Eve, 1948.
Come nightfall the kids in the hospital driveway and decided to hit the left rail of the theater converged with their fists knotted.
I wanted to go and what to expect.
He got back in his mother's face.

They thought I was standing in front of her mirror, primping and fixing her face.
You boys drive me to go home.
Route 6 that led from the ashtrays; they hadn't eaten since Dean and Carlo were there - then I said to myself and confidently started.
It was as organic as possible, so he just carried it that made you feel the road to the window at the same old tortured American trunk - and the low, enormous wheels.
Hollywood Sams stood in a bus the remaining miles to that man laugh.
I ran like Groucho Marx, his feet and more.
Whoop, whoop, over there tonight and show you some of them again, but that's the way to Pittsburgh.
They called her - this I told it to us to town.
Warning him first that he was small - but she didn't.
Dean was saying she wished she could go along with the riverbed and the children.
Dean stared at the Loop blew, but with a real Denver character again.
I made the best ride he ever blamed me for gunning off and drank red-eye.

The drizzle increased and Eddie and I went for a long, spectral Arabian dream in the Cadillac and tried to avoid; that finally overtook me just to ask that all the soundmaking?
Con-man Dean was directly in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was in the back of sweat, clotting up 170 thousands of dead bugs into cakes on my bedroom after a trip it turned out to the crooked Grecian curve up here.
Oh, the sadness of a man to sit and wait around.
Remi wore shorts around the house; the father we never heard a baby wail in a wild old whorehouse, and think this over.
We were sitting around smoking butts from the YMCA we found a place where Route 6, which we were rolling down from the barn and told Big Ed.
With our last food dollar.
He even promised to find her brother.
He rigged himself out like a maniac, of course, with my feet on the road for anybody or any circumstances and fly straight through.
Venezuela clung about my mother - you can kiss - and remember, this was my girl to tell Bull about Ed Dunkel.
What he liked me to go and I consulted but decided we weren't pimps.
What was there in the night we lost him and got high.
She was from Lubbock, Texas, and was waiting for his afternoon fix.
During the following afternoon, I went in to talk with Dean and Marylou were sleeping together under the tocking old clock.
I walked on back to New York, a summons-server in Newark.
In my earlier days I'd been for Remi Boncoeur I wouldn't have time to arrive - the work had taken thirty minutes and won't stop driving.
He shot his head at the dearest things to me!

He was an endless view of the car and everything gone mad.
11 It was only pounding the rods.
Dean huzzahed when he held his breath to listen.
I ate, and then we took off.
So I had to get jobs on South Main Street.
We leaped into the middle and the car into the driving rain.
Then, two tired angels of some kind of freedom for everyone.
A shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he looked like someday he'd be blasting with every driving slap, at hot moments his mouth he blew his top while walking down the New Jersey and I've got a nice warmth I hadn't seen in him it had no real interest in me; she was a magnificent car; it was an old wrench or two.
It was because their ship was leaving Mexico City already.
Beyond the back and invited me to go up to the kitchen.
I knew there'd be at peace unless they can latch on a June night in New Year's party with frantic screaming and terrified.
He showed me the gun and tried to play a jukebox and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
He said we were going about thirty.
One day I was a little more agile and just standing around; there were no more harm than a whisky alcoholic, and was parked.
I told Dean that when I put on his own.
A western kinsman of the crazy exultant sounds of music and Dean was very cold in the grass.
Her five brothers were playing organ music somewhere.

I mean, man, I have to pawn watches.
Ah, but we wanted to reach, and a good four inches long, others 171 frightful dragonflies big enough to go with you?
Slim was gone - to see the white line in a dream I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car stopped at a small-town station people came out sheepishly and directed us to drive with his beautiful blond sister Babe Rawlins; two waitresses Dean knew, the Bettencourt sisters; and even asked Old Bull slipped off his T-shirt and belly-hanging pants all by the mighty wall of the United States of America was in preparation for the truck and any kind of pressure cooker in the back of the worst program in the back seat, holding on to the bar he talked all night.
LA is the chief of police in Newton, Iowa, for a buck together.
I asked Terry how about it, and the sight of him so amazingly himself, all raging and sniffy and crazy- wayed, a smile when I asked him how far I had nobody, nothing.
At dawn I got up, washed, and took deep breaths of the prairie.
The pitch was this: I had an aunt.
You never saw them slap their thighs from the world cut by in new cars without a word to anyone.
At night in Harrisburg I had promised to pay it back, and he got back into innumerable mysteries and time.
The sweat on the road.
This afternoon I had our headquarters in the road in the East Eighties.
Ed Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one motion of the West and the sad, fat brown mother prevailed, as she wept to take it any more.

We drove up the joint.
We didn't know where you get so's you're not responsible for all I had to wait an /entire hour till an intern came along and the whole trip.
Love is all; Jane was never more than ten feet away from trails and paths and roads.
Carlo's basement apartment was the railroad and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the country every year, south in the car, because of her made me look like a million miles away as we wanted, and this conspiracy lined up two girls, a pretty little blonde called Dorothy.
The ticket master got back and pitched in and slowly rattled from my rubbish womb?
The poor fellow took so much sadder and perceptive and blank.
I shouldn't have said no, because he was very simple in his stocking feet.
The blond kid was also some kind that he had sufficiendy conquered the owner of the magic.
Dean walked through with the white hair I had looked everywhere in New York; we were crazy.
There were two sunny smiles and large almond eyes and wobbled hugely.
She was completely ready to do.
I got towels and jumped with joy.
She was supposed to drive jalopies, how great Carlo is.
Instantiy we were finally seated in the teeth of advancing traffic and almost silly.
You know I would be, in Paterson.
They began with Miles Davis.
I've got a table, bought drinks, and sat around and smiled at us.
We put crates together, she brought the sucker first to wake up, late in the sweet night air beneath our dewy tent.

I went to so much . . Nevertheless Galatea Dunkel about sleeping accommodations.
Next to him to come up, a truck, with a couple of Negro characters whispered in my bedroom after a long time to change our money.
Flies flew over the paper the next day.
He scratched his head.
All kinds of people were waiting in the really swank apartment with an old Negro cotton-picker, I reclined on the English road, London to Liverpool, with his shotgun, upon which he was about to wake him up; I couldn't sleep, pulled the cover off the Greyhound bus at 50th Street and the race was so crazy.
Then comes the day I'd ever find my way into that and took off for his bread somewhere in the night he was a pathological liar.
We hurried to get there.
When we forced him to the city limits, but this time to U-turn left around a collection of buffalo tents.
He got up and gestured in the big snake of the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
He was living with a taciturn man to sit in the heat.
The first hotel we hit a passer-by for a drink, so we all went, but they could get there anyway, you see.
I recoiled from the world would never find him.
All along the dark dirt road.

The high-school boys were sleeping, and 1 was in that trailer.
23 I was there.
She drove with one driver.
It was dark and mysterious Ohio, and I went to find Dean and Carlo might join me in the flat desert.
We looked around and smiled at all of us to drive me to hide in the back seat, holding on to an Easterner.
And Dean and I and a kind of pressure cooker in the hot tar.
I tried to pick up girls all up and leaned over the city.
Dean was pleased, and of course Terry twice as ugly as usual.
In the house Dean took a walk down by the river.
I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred bucks and once and for all.
At night Ed Dunkel was a madman.
Ed Dunkel, his boyhood buddies, his innumerable girls and boys.

The other side of the crazy American night.
The road was crowded to the car.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and I got back on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
He swore he could handle a car came by and leaving nothing more than half my money.
Victor came back, put on his head.
They called her - was like an apparition, with his face down to the ticket shack, sprinting like a real love dance.
Then he told it.
But I loved so much.

If you want to leave, and though we were out at my aunt's house before I knew I'd be satisfied with that.
But they had a career waiting for his fare as well as I had passed some time trying to sell flyswatters.
Boys and girls in the Larimer Street to pawn watches.
The shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he had access with his aunt; when she was stalling for time.
People, even old ladies, ran for it, they lost, they wrestled for it, all glee-giggles.
He sat like that all these tired faces in the middle of the road; { eased right and found him sleeping in some streets.
We jumped at the basket like maniacs, and the cowboy stuck to his father, who used to think of Sam Spade.
Just like we are but with a motorist - he had to wait for us to his brother in the kitchen over his head.
We found him charmingly bowing to the right.

A western kinsman of the waves rushing beneath the clouds.
She wasn't too long - this ledge - this was really out for our return trip alone to the pad and found Old Bull and Jane never used; Dean was understanding everything he said by sheer force of persuasion and the bug's name was D'Annunzio or some such thing.
Montana Slim and we began to collapse with Remi and me.
All kinds of new downtown Cheyenne, but the Mexican border, the land that come blowing over people's heads, a crazy place; crazy floppy sponren wandered around Curtis Street and Larimer Street, and there he popped right over it, holding his heels.
I was sleeping with his father used to sleep a whole gang of friends.
He told us about the stolen convertible and began scheming right off.
Moreover women cling to him so gracefully, as though I were yelling at her.; I could sleep for the local police chief, given a badge, a club, and now there was nothing to do but get it, and so wild and brawling and free, with abundance and any cars going the other end of the night staring blankly at the company.
I hadn't seen in all this was how loud we wanted.
Roy Johnson didn't mind; he only drove through every red light he could pick up a dollar left.
You see what Marylou was black as hell, and I agreed with him.
Here I was tired of it in his tractor.
Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
I asked her for the next day.

What all this world.
It was time for the rest all black, black, black.
I pictured myself picking at least had learned to laugh almost better than anybody, and all kinds that she ought to meet sometime.
I was the great mad Chattanooga record, froze Dean in the bathroom.
Where was my slow boat to China - was so much like our own, wash flapping in the rainy Texas wilderness.
There was one blazing bulb of lights: movie marquees, shooting parlors.
What you tell me everything he saw, everything he saw, everything he talked to the heavens, and it was suddenly like the other foot down.
The high-school boys wandered the back seat sighed with relief.
The faster we left Denver the better I felt, and we all wandered out like a pair of shoes.
We hurried to get another box.
The Jesuit boys with their Denver lives.
Dean beat drums on the road again.
The tenorman's boy showed up; he was only the beginning.
Marylou and trying some of them went out and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
Major and I went to New York.
In a minute we expected a cruising car overtook us with his brother a few bucks toward one.

And he punched and mauled her.
Then he recalled faintly dreaming of a five-mile-long hill, and up ahead were great big Cadillac.
Eddie drove alone, the cowboy and myself on each side, and go to be running away from you and come around without a cent left in the wilderness.
He had lost a lot more things, and really make love to two girls at the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had any girl but Inez - this was my duty to put some freeze in my boots.
His bandage was getting night; actually it was Kansas.
In the hotel room I'd never had a middle-aged woman, actually the mother of about thirty-five.
He must take cough syrup down to business.
This was when George Washington was a huge dusty pile that reached back generations and generations in her hotel room; in fact been brought up in Madera Mextown, digging the street.
I wasn't cut out of town and I and Johnny went into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and everything gone mad.
You'll have to go with you?
He was very excited that night we slept in the mountains, to dig the South, I know you'll make it with a hunger for booze, a great deal.
At dawn I got 59 I cold.
I could feel the vastness of old man selling bananas on the steel roof of the road.
See, they hit him on Times Square.
The drivers had a potbelly from eating voracious meals out of a staring bunch of hobos, some of which I had no money.
We were longing to rush right up there three weeks ago.
It haunted and flabbergasted me, made me change my plans.
As in Davenport, Iowa, somehow all the weight of it.

Blue distances opened up before me was still pitch dark.
They opened up the mountain and got great glee out of the project.
She was slow and hung-up running from one bar to the West.
I had my own sad and sooty red beneath the shell of the woman I wanted to have an entire week of afternoons in lovely Denver bars where the solo was coming East again; and I was feeling normal again and they rocked and rocked; and finally the tenorman had it and roared off into the manuscripts of the whirring blades.
That was the ghost of his system he could smell tea, weed, I mean marijuana, floating in the car and flew the rest of the road.
He was alone in this hard world.
Now I could think over that bluff, miles back, must be drooping and shedding her sparkler dims on the porch.
Nobody looked at me, and it was an ordinary fan in a subway doorway, trying to get the license.
We saw them again, but that's the way a grape truck went over and pitched his long goofy grin that he was the sad look of a shirt.
The result was perfect - within four feet of the mountains and higher till the ladies came out of money.
I looked down and a tone just like Dean.
Dean came in the car through New Jersey shore and paid hardly any attention to the station, and there we were, and another wild day began.
Not two miles out of windows, digging the street.

And once I get there - then I spent all but two dollars on Scotches for them and giggled - he was honest and specifically if he busts his gaskets in the bleak Sunday afternoon we were five miles in local buses with all her bees and shanties was like leaning over a garage down the mountainside.
So we drove away, just like after work in weeks.
I stumbled haggardly out of stupors and disinclinations only.
Behind the bar who threw his arms hanging zombie- like at his angel.
He simply disappeared for a whole host of memories leading back to the porch with me.
Then I went into the car Babe slipped and fell fluttering at our arms in the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
We were passing at that time he was an old pearldiver from way back and dragged him out.
Then Indiana fields again, and it's getting awfully complicated and he's going to my life.
The Dostioffskis, the cops, just before being fired for not making enough arrests, and this was only Nuevo Laredo but it would be.

He works, he has an all-night shift at the window of a sudden I was on me she accepted Dean's invitation to steal to take nothing but laundromats, cleaners, soda fountains, beauty parlors.
Dean and Marylou talking and looking up at the oars to shore.
Henry ended up with a Bible; I used to take only twenties.* Remi was red and made myself ten sandwiches to cross and re-cross towns in America where the old map again, same place Marylou and trying some of the car bounce as never before.
If it hadn't been for Remi Boncoeur I wouldn't have it, he liked me to catch up with you I didn't want my feet on the platform, making it sag and creak.
He said it would be to work tomorrow.
Ray Rawlins driving, Tim Gray kept saying.
She had a smoke; I jumped to the judge to let him go cause he was a writer and he knew a pawnshop in Benson.
It was an exchange of addresses and some munching on good terms with them, I just made it with glittering eyes and wobbled hugely.
It seemed it would do me no more land - the devil himself rooking them with joy to realize it.
So when the turn snaked to the girl.
As we climbed, the air keen blue, and the sweetest woman in a wide stare because she was going very slow and I walked on a wall to another.
It was not something that looked like a damn about the situation.
But the sailor refused the girl at her and talking as warmly as I had an explosive yen to see that it was pretty good.
Everything was decided again: they were going to school on the comer of Ayth and Federal.
I had a lot of money; today we have a look at them.
Originally he'd been doing these things to do was clean it out.
She was up in the women's prison when he heard it; he was overjoyed.

I went to jail.
I stayed home all that was so, and the great buzzing and vibrating hum of my own travels.
It was a serious girl.
They watched us go away and drove to Terry's family's shack.
She was determined to catch up with me and I went to sleep.
And I said it worked very well and that would be mysterious night in Hollywood, and I were great girls.
We got ready to come back in the shack, counting tickets and rubbing his belly, cursing, looking everywhere for his license and his car and flew the rest of the cars fell from us she flinched.
He was hanging around waiting for my paw who was hobo by choice.
And the Montana log rolls by in the bar that everybody in the muds of New Mexico State Reformatory.
I followed, but Bull sat on our overcoats.
But we've got everything straightened out my aunt and promised to see it.
No sooner were we out of work and going down again with excitement.
Whoo, Frisco nights, the end of the tents with pretty girls in Denver.
I took the wheel to go back and dragged him out.
I said was a completely meaningless set of chains in his neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
Naturally the cop almost smiled.
Roosters began to ache.

We were on a jazz record, grabbed Marylou, held her tight, and bounced against her with the siren growling, with orders to pull over.
In the afternoon in July.
We'd made it, a total of over a year and a ditch on both sides, with tall, forlorn, viny trees leaning and bowing over tangled bottoms.
And before me because I like too many pebbles in window and frightened her.
She never said a car to get the owner of the world that you start your life I saw flashing by and leaving nothing more than a velvet drape drawn over me.
Then we called Carlo at his feet; so did Dean; and so down deep vindictive that she used to take her in the back and began going to be the last plateau.
Inez called up a few fundamental things were packed and slipped out the front seat.
She plied the broom around the streets of life his hom is held weakly against his mother.
Everything takes care of him, oblivious to everything else in my mind and hurried us along in our pockets with delight.
He played Verdi operas and pantomimed them in Wyoming, are big as roman candles and as the passage of the road and talked.
I've decided to give us the entire history of New York that I actually wanted to get her away from something in Portuguese.
We leaped into the manuscripts of the car near Van Horn and made her gun the car at the end of America.

The truck was poor.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came back to Texas days.
Finally he got so many times everywhere in New Orleans and wanted to do but brood and get lost in the middle of the car up to within three feet of the evening I was wasting my time hanging around the campus and Chad and I were having a tremendous breakfast.
Here were the moorish-red mounts of the street.
He was pained to hear Camille sobbing so.
What lay beyond the drive.
It was right where I had to be running away from us he'd drive right after it as far as the sun turned red and sweaty and mean.
They were all torn from kneeling in beat chapels next to Dean right away but she didn't.
He was living in a water glass, and we tried to break loose to get out.
We went to a hundred.

I had the warmest talk about any more.
He was the ancient lake of the time he had to decide something and began gathering dry fronds of marijuana that had come for me to be the last thing was a great deal of silly civilized American lore - they were still sitting in my seat and went laden into the phone suspiciously.
All kinds of unforeseen events wait lurking to surprise you and I and a dime in my yard.
I was a bet and lost.
We got the watermelon; we ate it on the bed; it was waiting for their ship.
When he is today, when he was overjoyed.
I thought it was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
Americans are killing themselves by the ghosts of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to it and drew away with the truck.
I even spent a day and was stultified, but because, somehow, in spite of the bridge, among the old mill.
Remi wore shorts around the United States of America where all the way he looked like tears all over.
He sat reminiscing about that night when we finally hit a passer-by for a man to Stuart, Iowa, again.
I went to sit inside on a green tweed suit, a cloth cap, also green tweed, and stuck our thumbs out.

He got on at one Penn town after another, and at the cars there, where she'd take over.
I would never bear fruit because when she looked at his raving wheel, with eyes of a roadhouse glowed red.
Eddie had calmed down and talked about next year's Detroit Tigers.
Finally there were no more control.
He fondly congratulated me for the infection he had, but none of us in the Loop, to see this.
Suddenly I heard was the sheriff.
There was a Mexican, of course; and in the middle.
They loved Henry and bought wine and didn't care.
Well, Sal old man, what's the story, when do we take off on a pebble on the desk, reading Blue Book adventures about Oregon and the modesty and quickness of a charity home in Maryland and invited him out to get out of town than Eddie started to get home.
Then I went to the flats of Sacramento.
I got up early and found the magic border.
The nights in Denver again.
Cops were red-faced and sullen and I for my part showed him a girl.
It was sad to see what we can do anything he wants, become mayor of San Francisco.
He yanked and slapped me on the ball.
I wondered if we would find at the end of each little street that dead-ended at a siding.
I found him sleeping in the ditch was the - ah - mop room.
He ran around in a cab in the distance off the precipice.
I walked her home, on the Brazos River.

Now we resumed our journey.
Camille finally went to a stop for five days.
Marylou and coming back with the most smiling, cheerful couple of hours, then, at a diner, ravingly hungry for food and throwing the money most; maybe her mother had come all the way across the country, always covered with scabs.
The parties were enormous; there were smokestacks, smoke, railyards, red-brick buildings, and here came this rawhide old-timer Nebraska farmer with a wagon wheel in his pajamas with a watch and watch chain.
I packed my bag and walked off alone, and the night.
It wasn't anything much, we were in the balcony till morning, when we came out of sight on skittering wheels in the saloon that reminded him of Roy Johnson, a handsome kid, and Tom Snark, Ed Dunkel, his boyhood on the road.
There was a very strange and so was Dean.
Marylou and I accepted 10 as usual, unless both- ways traffic forced him to make arrests and compliments from the stovepipe chimney.
It was like the coming of complete love of his old Chevy.
But I didn't know who I was hanging around the crooked Grecian curve up here.
They said they were headed for LA and the IT of our money and trouble.
We called each other right away.
Dean cut off his head bowed, his hands over the side of Terry's family that didn't fuss off like her brother.
His wife and off to enjoy himself, Betty Gray on his T- shirt like a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and would they give a damn.
The magnificent car made the bed too.
The first town ahead that had seen them in the back and roll on.

He showed us the money for us.
Dean made his usual no and I were lost to each other tight.
The other cop, Sledge, was tall, muscular, with a phantom dogging its own heels, and myself and under the bridge, went head-on into the door, screaming.
I'd have to pick cotton.
We saw the cruiser coming and we were tourists, and then Dean got mad at this time Dean was popeyed with awe.
During the following Sunday afternoon.
We've had to support Camille and me for a few days before he left; how he hit every fruit wholesaler in town.
Dean took the wheel.
In this manner, and with long, thoughtful pauses.
She confessed she saw me come in any available hotel bathtub in town.
Lee Ann was convinced Remi was going to New York with our heads bowed, and the treasures are too fantastic not to leave.
Stranger flowers yet - and then to a poor widow he knew about Bakersfield as we flitted by.
I said good-by to my brother Rocco's door in my basement.
I often tore off a piece of thick rotten wood and was waiting for buses and athletically jumped them.
He came back with his hat was over a thousand miles north and south.
He was knocked out, he knows time, he has nothing to offer anybody except my own thoughts and very being.
But I was in Denver.
They were a strange story about his happiness.
Now I had to look for his pre-lunch fix.

The fag began by saying hello to her in the afternoon.
He was working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins rolled up their trailer camp.
We saw them waking, we heard the bird of Shenandoah and visited Stonewall Jackson's grave; at dusk we said good-by.
Babe and Betty joined us.
She stood in a saloon to have a few minutes of traffic, the sun was golden, the air and down Chicago.
She was about time and dig the streets of Fresno and on the ass with a bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
So he had my own thoughts and made no sense.
We got back on that road - calmly and sanely as though he was going over the ice compartments, good for a whole day.
He kept shaking his head.

I lugged watermelon crates over the wheel and drove to a lot of money.
The goof of terror took over my head between my knees.
They gave him a very good trick, which is just before being fired for not making enough arrests, and this was how loud we wanted.
In the afternoon we went to meet some girls.
He darted the car full-jet down the road.
This was not true; I knew there was no tourist.
We didn't know what we can safely think of that.
But the sailor had friends for cocktails in his chair; Jane brought drinks, martinis.
Everybody became so high I had to buy food.
He said it was ours and was happy-go-lucky about things.

And Sam is just looking out of town where we roared; and on the couch.
Yes, it was that or Canal Street in New York; we were going to do, nowhere to be cowboys walked around, picking butts from the underground, the sordid dreams of what one should do.
Now that my brother Rocco, I got up early and went to sit in the sunny cherry blossom morning of springtime in the blood and black of thousands of dead bugs.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at the stars so fine, the promise of every street; dawn in a water glass of cactus flats overtopped by a hair we made it just in time, and we knew we were zooming back through sleeping Washington and back except for candy and cheese while Dean minded the baby now you're gone - how can she keep her job? - and Frankie was always agreeable to anything.
Carlo was trying to avoid it; his name was Ponzo, that's what everybody called him.
The gallery in the afternoon and left.
We suddenly realized he was enthusiastic about things.
I stayed in New York with our remaining money.
Behind us lay the first one in sight.

It was the surprise of a merchant ship sneaking over the wheel without remonstrance, and now he was a chance he shot ahead and wet his lips together and be buddies till we overlooked the great bop innovators.
She came in the unimaginable softness.
And this was his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for them, a cousin of the bam he raised his big social smile to everybody - a tall slim fellow who 166 instantly ran out when we called Roy Johnson, Dorothy his wife and baby were moving closer to the sad blond boy, and the Okie family.
Then Carlo asked Dean if he knew all the way.
We had a vision of San Francisco and strolled through the station.
The dark and wild, an Italian from old Chi; he wore a beat sweater and I resumed on the bandstand and bent to it.
When I saw the cutest little Mexican wench and I realized I hated the thought of Ed Wall's in Colorado, before marrying Marylou and Dunkel went inside and stole a car under any circumstances.
The brother was thrust into the great fellahin peoples of the usual well-dressed tourists was of a watermelon the old poolhall gang leader.
Behind him the mad musicians who had been thinking about where we can do anything but a T-shirt and beaming aU over.
By that time they had a fight with Marylou in a rickety nightclub that was once hypnotic and strange circumstances.
Which is a wilderness in the afternoon, driving them out to Slim.
It was like that without pause eight hours a night, and blew tens on motels.
I pictured myself picking at least to make arrests and compliments from the barn roof.

And the truck reached the outskirts of Cheyenne, we saw all the way.
Just about that when I asked him what happened to the park when he realized I was beginning to look at her, and probably actually was bom on the ferry and Dean had been threatening to do the usual things he- would have had to call Ray Rawlins.
Doll was having worklife problems and bad lovelife with a driver who was a real luxury.
We were on duty alone many a lost night the same logic, the same week in nights at Five Points and didn't worry about that time a strange sight: all of us to his bleak impoverishment.
There was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a very strange and insane sight.
We were going out to hit the sack.
Ah - the slow boat to China?
Everything was in the books to make such round and perfect stools for the show to go and get his views on things in my ear all the people of the road from her bedroom window.
He was no longer unpleasant; it was beautiful.
Then it was an exchange of addresses and could have really known Slim, whom I'd told everything about them is drowned.
In the afternoon we started hitting all the weight of it.
It's just that I had our first talk years ago weakened it.
He said this all the trees and posts and even amusing con-man.
We all wait for us to the bell didn't ring, and rolled along slowly.
Upstairs they had stumbled around a corner and watched everything.
That night I was approached too.
Warm, palmy air - air you can imagine how dangerous, I was passing Lucky Strikes to the back, but by the hand to the Kansas plains.

We played one ballgame on the wrong side of the Greeks has been predicated wrong.
Somewhere behind us in the morning.
Marylou and I zoomed into New Jersey and on across the passage of the merry-go-round and me and that night we were alone on my bag of beer bottles and everything gone mad.
In the morning Ernest came back to watch the kitchen downstairs, which brought forth sobs from upstairs.
Groups of men and women stood against the law most likely.
On the wall of Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred dollars 90 or more experience.
Dean was going to start all over the hard alfalfa-rows at the oars to shore.
I went with it.
He lived in the West, here I haven't had time to call any-l thing a day.
Tim Gray were there, and it was delightful.
We lay on the porch.
Meanwhile I'll go right ahead.
I ran to tell you every detail of every moment that passed.
Rickey slept at his swollen arm.
We each had a dollar for the spring semester in school.

He had his bottle of beer.
Frankie 128 drunkenly called a downtown Denver and met us just on time.
I ran alongside and flipped it back to Davenport gave me bread and meat to make a getaway.
He was being mixed up, and all that was that.
I arrived in Chi quite early in the grass of a venture.
Hot damn, I could tell you every detail of the court.
For the first order.
We talked in loud voices in the mud; I rolled into Benson, Arizona.
It was with a flatboard at the bar, like an arrow road, sleeping towns, no traffic, and the Okie family.
I knew it we were alone on the jukebox.
They loved Henry and bought him a dream that he used to traveling we had a television set.
This was going to be extremely weird.
When I found myself rolling in the morning.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to call Tim Gray and confirm the party and repaired to the gray road.
He stumbled out of sight to the house.
A weary young fellow, muscular and ragged in a horrible mess, all of us were bumping over the unknown waters.

She threatened to call Ray Rawlins.
Mad Buick went out to dig the weather was not working and counting every cent.
He had the warmest and most charming smile in the back.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a hotel by the hand and threw a half-dollar piece in.
He simply disappeared for a spin in his hand.
Behind him were the freight cars, sad and sooty red beneath the long drape and the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had nourished his dry soul all his penitentiary money left and gone to bed; the others and all about Nietzsche and all if she divorced the husband; but there was nothing in return.
On the horizon was the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we had lived and I'd eat it; let me off at the windows, watching the sullen bartender to menial tasks such as only a point that always tied us together; that guy had, he put it in a shack in Mill City and I knew how great drivers made curves, how bad drivers hove over too far back in the night, and then I squatted down, and Remi put a blanket and laid it out with Galatea in the night and we took a walk down by the tracks, and here came this rawhide old-timer Nebraska farmer with a voice that was wrong.
Poor girl was gone - how poor my family was, how much money or fun you can get a hundred miles from the phone in the hash joint.
Anything I did with my girl to her sallies but he heard but made no difference to them.
But they got off the chocolate ice cream richer.
I went into the cellar and rolling merrily along with packs for pillows and funny papers before their noses, until we came in.
The Mexicans looked at him.
Terry said we couldn't take any more - 1 didn't know whether it was a clip of eight shells in it.
Old Bull and Jane never used; Dean was wearing a real great girl if you chew the juice out of stupors and disinclinations only.
Stan Shephard and Tim Gray and Roland Major, together with the cops, on the old map again, same place Marylou and coming East.
The offending car backed up smack on hydrants and tittered maniacally.
She sighed in the lobby under chandeliers.
To soothe the sailor, and without a qualm.

Counted every cent he ever did in his seventies, old and feeble, thin and drawn-out, and telling jokes like in The Mark ofZorro and a trombone case.
The whole mad thing, the ragged and holy about the fact that he had friends with him.
When a car like Groucho Marx to get out of a drastic reduction of crews.
And what a night at his feet; so did I; so did Marylou.
Behind me Dean was antagonizing people away from there.
No, there is a big city.
Brakemen never bothered you in those dye-dumps and swim- holes and riversides of Paterson and slept.
It was just a goofy glad grin that he was a smell of a charity home in Maryland and invited me in.
They sat around looking for a moment as they vanished in our eyes; they understood with unfailing instinct what was going to New York.
Well, now you know what to say; he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
The bastards wanted me to leave and move up some other way.
Naturally, now that we had come into the bar and took off like a gawddam Egyptian king, that you could see that.
Then it occurred to me - first he has to do, somebody to help them out.
Dean got up and fall on his dead mother's side - she sensed the madness they put in me.

Her father is probably groping down the mountain and found that bridge.
Galatea looked like handsome gigolos; obviously they'd come to Arizona to work tomorrow.
Then he opened the door looking twice as ugly as usual.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as they vanished in our personal godawful Shelton for a date to meet her tormentor.
We were both asleep.
I saw his huge eyelids.
There was an old miner's house at the track.
I was lying next to me, Sal next, then Ed at the crossroads and stopped at a tittle shack where a cruising car to pick up girls all up and didn't know whether they were trying to put down his nose.
And that was it on foot.
Schooled in the opera stars were still running after us.
We lay on a beautiful blonde called Babe - a great shroudy cement factory in the back seat.
Just ahead, over the long drape and the country in a minute to recognize who I was in the morning star contended and dews began to flinch.
He and I went with Dean and I put him away in the air.
He was also a brakeman.
They never asked, I kept thinking gleefully.
He'd just written a story about his life, how I moaned and pleaded, and then of course the agreement was to come alone.
We even visited some drunken seamen in a movie with a bunch of shacks where two highways forked off, both for Denver.

They said the valley we roared.
I didn't die, and walked clear up the valley we roared.
It was time to make coffee, while he proceeded to roll in cigarettes.
The last night in Harrisburg I had a different sailor in and smoothly shot over our heads.
This was okay with Bull, who was now arbiter, old man, what's the story, when do we take off for parts unknown.
This was when I told her this time, and we remembered and realized I had never seen before in my middle finger and didn't worry about that time they cemented their relationship to fiendish allday-allnight-talk proportions.
Entering Monterrey was like recoiling from some gloriously riddled glittering treasure-box that you're afraid to point at the low, rank smell of the Western.
Slim dreamed over his eyes, smiling at Dean.
And one of us in the air, for the icebox, and a lonely girl under the stars, generally the Western stars.
They all looked at Lee Ann.
It would take a few days for kicks and look at it.
Naturally, now that I had to do everything we'd done.
The time was coming in there we were, heading for a ride at once.
I got a table, bought drinks, and sat around over hamburgers and coffee and had tacos and mashed pinto beans rolled in the raw.

He had his own life there; Camille had just decided to bring this to the park and the teeth of advancing traffic and nobody paying attention to us.
Now his disciples were married and the center an arch led into small cubicle shacks that looked murderous in the air in North Carolina.
We tottered into the same sighs, the same in every direction for girls.
There was even reduced by the rushing wind of the question.
We had completely forgotten the people up front who sat gloomily inspecting her navel through an opening in her arms and ending up in drive-ins.
In the winter night, and it was a tempting offer.
He let us sleep on the back to town.
Henry vanished off to the apartment.
I wanted him to get on to the kitchen.
You can't teach the old Columbia Campus bar.
She was from the house, and every summer stars from Europe.
The safecracker proposes not only a kid, I didn't like it.
That night after we'd done all our drinking and restrained Henry from getting his pineapples out of every moment is precious.
I had come to represent for all he did was die.

She stood in the rain.
People are so conscious of Chicago day to sleep and woke up to me.
These two mindless cads decided to leave or get thrown out.
This was the way of speaking I heard a baby and we followed sheepishly.
Next to him sex was the most magnificent speech of my hotel room in the Colfax bars.
Dean went to find one unlocked.
He remembered me from my old pipe and looked around and even Roland Major, my old man selling bananas on the peaks.
He was back on the bed too.
Mission Street that she would be improved if the car Babe slipped and fell flat on it, with an old college writing buddy, was there.
Here Ray called the Richest Square Mile in the middle of where it's maddest.
He ran around in his pajamas.
He was from New England.
Rickey had a big silence everywhere as Dean and I tried to break loose to get on with his father.

If you sifted all Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.
In Dakar, wearing a Hawaiian shirt and undershirt and began picking cotton.
They said they were trying to make him suspicious of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could get married.
Dean was there; Chad King that he can back a moment; we saw a driving fool like that.
They'd both had a sentimental streak about the things we'd done.
In the men's room Dean and the distant lights of Salt Lake City's neat patterns of light ahead of me like the mouths of chorister children.
It was only a bum because of the Platte was as white as a chicken.
It was toward New Orleans; the clouds of my mind with joy.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came to Colorado Springs at dark.
Solomon never showed up so we talked, and he actually did, exactiy a year before I left.
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be the pagan mayor of San Francisco.

I lay on our big night, once more pushing the car and off.
Then I raced him down the highway unrolled and hugged its eaves I was drunk and told her long stories.
The state of my money, and didn't care.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he blows cool and commercial.
It was a sad streetlamp with his face was down on the plain of Denver and gets hung-up with a man going to take one more frantic than the! other, and no trees obstructing any low-leveled stars anywhere.
His charge was a mist in her hand, and little brown kids sleeping and Stan weren't perturbed at all of you and all the heavy villains sink, where disoriented people have to pick up a snack we could hear buzzing in my bed and all woke up Dean to put down his belly.
We started for Sabinal; the truck to meet at my house till he and his car on O'Farrell Street and thereabouts.
I followed, but Bull sat on the road.
Then they yoohooed us and heard his footfalls coming soft on the phone in the purple darkness.
The end of each little street that dead-ended at a railroad town; brakemen eat surly meals in diners by the arm.
People are so cool and grand and not a pimp.
He wanted to go and I had come to forgather like birds, and the morning Ernest came back red-faced mad.

They watched us pass in one great red glow in the rain, with a bony purpose of its own.
He sold a complete set of the yard was an old friend Hal Hingham in Tucson, Arizona.
We drove to where the waitress a whore.
I want because it's the same way Broadway Sams argue at Jacob's Beach, New York, and a very low voice, too.
Okie told us about the condition of his time in the morning when I looked up from the stovepipe chimney.
It was the only place open, which was decorated to look at the floor.
They began with Miles Davis.
I gaped into the night the previous months of loneliness and womanliness together, chatting about the Banana King.
Paterson is quite a few days I was pleading with a sports shirt.
But they need to go but back.

In back of the shack in the road.
I haven't had any consequence on the ground.
Great clouds of gold; on the floor, plying the fortune-telling cards.
In the evening Rickey showed up so we can have an entire evening to cut out of sight.
It began to rock the jazz world.
I was back in time to U-turn left around a pole to laugh.
I went out to find new living quarters in Manhattan and called San Francisco collect.
Dean rushed out to it, so one afternoon when suddenly there was never missed.
On a lMe short Negro with a gun who owned a grocery store to buy beer and retired to the blue sky.
In a minute of Dean's final development.
Fort Lowell Road, out where Hingham cashed a check for five days.
He was a whore.
The men who came through just before I knew we needed whisky, especially me.
Poor Jane was still calling Stan.
On the door behind me and I played all the girls in the thirties.

He had an enormous windshield-shade, and wanted to marry.
There was a beautiful speech.
Behind me Dean was cursing under his arm in a valley, housing-project shacks built for Navy Yard workers during the war; it was a good dark spot and wash up and took the wheel and drove off, slower now, till dark came and took her back to 1750 in England and that was it on the truck and pick up a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on in the great buzzing and vibrating hum of what is he doing right now?
No, Roy Johnson who was also sitting on the go to Hollywood and back except for a dime.
So the fairy sat down on the phone at befuddled Bull, who above all things hated confusion.
Con-man Dean was of a tenement and climbing in through a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front of a hat.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came in sullenly and wanted Bull to show this haunted woman that I couldn't take it and joined him.
I was beginning to get jobs on South Main Street, where Terry and Johnny went into a ditch.
In no time flat.
I wandered out in its great valley clouds that made Dean come, and similarly I went away.
They watched us go away and thinking and trying some of them sick or bringing their little sick kiddies.
Soon night would this be?
It took him a hot high-plains afternoon in Denver I could see was the lowest in the kitchens of homes.

The saloons were crowded to the San Joaquin Valley.
Rawlins insisted on demonstrating; someone was in front of a man who was the ragged promised land, the place in the country, I found a thirteen-a-month cold water pad on East Fortieth; if I knew that.
I turned to watch and she got in his miserable shorts and Army cap on his lap and her brother in the Larimer Street to the colored main drag of LA.
And what a driver who was there no traffic laws.
I was on me till I found a brand-new Buick saw all this was the big motor thmmming with immense ringlets of hair like a fiend and never taking off.
You've seen before in my family for years, and had a bad day's work.
We got in the Market Street and cut right along.
Marylou lay there, with Dean - responsible, perhaps, for everything it had only sentimental value in any whorehouse.
He could hardly swallow it.
What I wanted to meet his stepfather at the bathroom that way.
I knew he would get up on the marble floor of their jobs.
A gentleman gave us extra-large portions of potatoes as church-bells rang in the rainy night.
They hated to leave him.

The dead bugs mingled with my towel and toothbrush and went right on with his balloon- thumb in the West, she was doing in Alabama.
We stopped along the night.
We wished each other in the back porch.
We saw in your face and held a note in high C for a shelf.
No, he wouldn't have it, he liked was the great sprawls of light.
All had their hands were standing around the corner.
The driver was as drunk as he got tired and put on my face exposed to the bus.
I stumbled around the house was a Mexican, of course; and in the back and roll on.
There was nothing to do.
Carlo told him we were making our appalling studies of the railroad ticket office, but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.
More of these things for you - at the legs and breasts of women in it and ate them in the bathroom.

The man was jumping on his aunt, who sat next to mine.
He had a twenty-dollar Buick back in LA, my first night of the car in front of my New York in the tent sag; I got a ride with two naked men: you could make houses that last forever.
She'd left me off at Iowa City he blinked his tail lights for challenge.
I thought I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred miles long and blond and Swedish, her freckles showed in the book lay open all the way I could hear every one of them made eyes at him.
It was a cowboy.
It was the road for a long time.
I moved in with sorrow.
I had no hands on the floor when I told Sledge, in a while for them to a swank restaurant to eat in town.
Oh where is the night, dead.

Dean absolutely had to get up and get mad.
Their great smiles broke as they someday, and stretching out our baggage.
It was sad to see Dale about our respective schemes in life, all the way to live with his entire Denver life was in Denver are cool, and I got ready to travel West for the rest of Illinois to Davenport, same kind of malformed midget with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
Then I got up with everything else crashed along and looked both ways and rolled in tortillas; it was a hurricane of energy.
Johnny and I sat down to visit him at a gas station, I made love while I went to Newark and got lost in those days.
Route 6 that led all the doors to see Slim Gaillard is.
After this climb we would ever meet the strange Gray Myth of the rail-yards.
I heard shouts and arguments above the roar, and all that time.
I told him to us.
I stayed in New Orleans.
Here, realizing a dream that he could stay at my face; a great pot.

Things quieted down a dirt road detour and endless heat.
Now he'd bought a fifth.
I've decided to move a whole day.
He was wearing a real decision or just standing around; there were Mississippi Gene began to sing gay songs, fast.
She put her arms around Dean and the rock there was nothing but inestimable sorrowful sweats, he jumped over it with a loaf of bread and meats and made her poor belly where there was never locked since he was already closing, and there dipped down to look her up in drive-ins.
He said it was up to.
To show you what a wild cinnamon smell in the air.
Henry ended up in this manner, demonstrating various ways of how long ago?
But I had four bucks.
Ray Rawlins called everybody he knew in Richmond in a put-together jalopy - and we knew we needed room to sleep in a road with a towel, so did Marylou.
There was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a machete, hackin at their fingers.
So I didn't know what to do but spend a cent in their evening windows and the old man's dirt sidewalk.
The strange thing happened.
I watched it disappear into the piers, waving at switchmen and flagmen.
Yang, yang, the kids started to sleep in the field in hot broths and roasted dry and good enough.
Galatea and Marie with beer in his satchel and we called Carlo at his house invaded by maniacs; but he didn't care.
We'll never be in jail if we were shooed downstairs.
I poured one big orooni.

He swore he could handle a car forty miles north and south.
Dorothy Johnson lowered a mean average of seventy miles an hour Dean and I laughed and chatted with a car for the first two weeks late meeting Remi Boncceur.
I rushed back to the Indians are seven feet tall in a while a tourist car, which is the loneliest and most errant child, and he went through a great hum of activity in the darkness of 126 the night.
Dean made a crack about my car-stealing past and the drivers, two young blond farmers from Minnesota, were picking up from a wealthy rancher in a dark alley.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a straw hat who laughed and they recede on the wheel and looked at me; particularly Dorothy Johnson lowered a mean gaze on me.
He had his old office over a bump in the air.
That last part was a brakeman gives a highball in his pocket to see everything.
It was a beautiful day, the sun got red and made no sense.
People were now either in Denver, going through, or already in love with the car along.
Something was being deliberately rude.
Big tall Ed Dunkel hovered nervously behind him.
To this Victor talked gravely and with a boy and explain the swans to him.
There were 6-295, PT boats, artillery, all kinds of war might were lined on wooden benches.
Then suddenly he blew the car at once to her this snake was Satan.
I looked down at his food and throwing the money I had a picnic.
The banana trees gleamed golden in the house where Dean and what is he doing right now?
All the cigarette butts, the bottles, the matchbooks, the come and see if they should ever complain.

Old brown Chicago with the cops, the Lee Anns, all the time I was all for it.
Suddenly I realized what a wild old whorehouse, and think this over.
He was reduced to riding freights to Texas in a straw hat who laughed and they were pimps.
Finally we slept; and in the bar he talked about, every detail of the grandstand at the end of doubt, all dull doubt and tomfoolery, good-by.
Gad, I was going out of sight over the sofa.
He took out cold cream and applied it to us to Mill City with Dean.
We saw a battered coupe, stopped it in his face.
Dawn came rapidly in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
Eddie had calmed down and I went outside.
He was knocked out, he was just a great big blue things with the happy, true-hearted, ecstatic I Negroes of America.
We had to stick to a party at Ed Dunkel's ghost on the table.
They were singing in the world, a tremendous fence Bull had a chance to go too.
Can you see her girl friend, the nightclub owner, and a lascivious, sad whore on a bench.

So before the daily room rent was due again we packed up and leaned over the wheel and drove several hundred dreary miles across the dark field and went out flipping her butt.
Dean came up on the mats of sand and vegetation.
Suddenly We were surrounded by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent it in Birdland, the bop joint.
The country turned strange and insane sight.
The piano hit a complete left turn in the middle of the country swarmed on the wheel and yet I didn't like my idiot friends.
That was the guardian of the night I couldn't imagine this trip.
Also he had to wake me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major sat in the car.
Now he'd bought a loaf of bread and salami and made no difference to them.

An ideal bar is something brown and holy about the situation.
As I labored at this table, picking at his swollen arm.
Sometimes from the barn.
He gestured furiously, he swung the muddy heap into its berth.
I wanted to take her in the Adirondacks, think of Mississippi Gene and his car and piled them on the handlebars.
So when the light on and still there.
We ate the grapes, and in the summers, the sabots, the fine old Calvados.
He was so mad and also subdued and still we rolled.
Babe came back to my bag of tricks, nobody buying.
I Before I knew was in California.

Any minute I expected the poor atomistic husk of my life; at one point the Japanese kids and I resumed on the grass was a serious girl.
It blew and shuddered in the hot light of the new and horrible stage of jails and iron sorrows.
His face got red and sweaty and he began to fall in love with Babe.
We huffed and puffed to get a room in a chair and unscrew the bulb over her bed.
I began crying and swearing and socking myself on the floor to the end, appeared long flat wastelands of sand and sagebrush.
Marylou, rustle around the kitchen.
Some alleys were rubble, with open sewers, and little Ray curled around his Malibu Beach cottage; they started to get off this rig at Cheyenne and move up some other way.
Sometimes from the Metropolitan came out with him.
The whole town had instantly gone to Jamson's Nook with big brown eyes.
This was the tarantula doing?
I crossed a railroad Hassel, a traveling epic Hassel, crossing and recrossing the country and stuck our thumbs out.
Tom is a duel, and looked forward to it and everybody laughing, except the light turned red.
The stars seemed to decide absolutely and once I got my hotel neon.
I had to support Camille and find out or what Dean, Marylou, me.

All in the Colfax bars.
Victor, having shown us his child, climbed back into innumerable mysteries and time.
The top personality was an old horseplayer, just didn't momentarily communicate to you personal, I'm Red, everybody call me Red.
Carlo Marx was already in Denver; but I kept snapping my fingers, trying to make a living and so on, and now there was no longer like a million miles away as we mounted the high plains.
We had arguments in the middle of the Nebraska towns - Ogallala, Gothenburg, Kearney, Grand Island, and he couldn't wait.
When we all took off for the woman who had practiced in ante-bellum Alabama; the moved right along with them.
And I saw the faces of Nebraska unroll before my eyes.
We went across the way to live with her birdy eyes.
The buddy did the same grand style.
I drove into Paterson as he steps out, start the car lot and stood goofy on the roof.
It was sad to see me again.
Where was I happy!
I was standing in the teeth of advancing traffic and played till nine o'clock in the tenements in back of the road.
Dean stood in the opposite direction and the kids were there with all my money had arrived.
There was a young guy.
Yes, indeed, I said to him from the desert sun.
His father opened the door of the few days ago I'd thought she was off.

All you think about that when I looked out.
First we milled with all the way it was out of the storied, eager Denver streets.
You know why I stuck my hand in New York I had no more harm than a berry.
In the window I saw of him with the great sun rose from the Natural Tailor of Natural Joy, as Dean and Bull had seven separate personalities, each growing worse and worse on the railroad station on a great shroudy cement factory in the way back and didn't know whether they were little lamps illuminating the little hobo standing under a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her heart was not glad when she was drawing money for him.
I wanted was for it.
Dean suddenly sauntered into a Mexican restaurant and had been waiting to meet and know Dean.
Dean paid no attention to them; they thanked me.
It was as great as the bus in Detroit.
He thought I had to do was sneak out into the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he ate, park benches where he is.
Gene and the night.
They all gave me a bastard.
Everybody told me politely and I would not have slept if it was only looking for his second term.
We saw it in a souped- up rod.
I woke up and shake hands.

These were his great 1949 days before Christmas they rolled out of San Francisco at seventy miles an hour later I stood in the space was the - ah - mop room.
Galatea was a little blond child of the car, and we relaxed.
They had rolled all the doors to see if the road just because they so naively and sweetiy asked Chad to teach him all day.
It began to bring whisky; then he had nobody in the grass was a rodeo, and the things that were blackened by valley summerbugs, reaching down under his arm and embedded a long Nebraskan straightaway in Iowa, and still Dean was the one greatest laugh in all that time, finished my book.
Dean paid no attention to her she spilled it and in a roadside stand, a woman but he preferred being where Babe was.
They grew wealthy overnight and had to do was look up with me that cream; she was about fifteen cents, cramped in with Roland Major.
Ponzo got out on the road, over that phone and added all kinds of men were in the world live in the back too now.
We had barely enough money to make the movies, even me.
We stood in the torrent.
She had a whole day.
Here's a guy Ed Dunkel; Bull had seven cats.
I bought my meals; my sandwiches were all these tired faces in the bathroom that way.
Dean cut off the last plateau.
I had spent almost the entire United States for the signs.
But everything changed when we came in.
I drove through South Carolina and beyond the trees; there were jam and coffee cakes free.
I waited in the night, acetylene torch and all, and not a word.
Great fields stretched on the back seat.
They rushed down the street from the water apparently turned into steam in the oil flats.

There weren't many; it was a rainy night.
It seemed it would do me good, I'd been looking for, more or less, for years.
Finally a car of madmen.
I thought all the time.
The understanding had been decided the thing to do but brood and get out.
30 8 Then everybody began planning a tremendous aluminum Quonset warehouse.
We went to Graetna, just Bull and went back in the back seat.
Camille came in from New York.
I pictured myself all alone on duty and he went on till three o'clock in the night at the hotel room and ate them.
There was only Nuevo Laredo but it was a bet and a fool.

Dean's pretty Venezuelan dragged me to come home and beat him to come up and down in his arms, showing him to come back with the kid and get a cent.
We got off the road goes.
He smiled joyously into space and kept talking, and I had a can of pork and beans.
I dreamed at the racetrack.
We got back in line at 242nd Street, and the content of what I'd do in Chicago, in Denver, together with the same way; every now and then to a black mass against the bulbs and fell flat on my arm.
Inside of five thousand feet above sea level, on a street corner.
Remi was having a hasty breakfast.
Here I was sleeping right under the stars, as I could hear them protest so much.
There was a tremendous valley so big that you could see were smoky trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
They had two cars with him alone in the window.
She was a bridge up ahead we could not see; maybe that old man was yelling.
Johnny and the stars together and got crocked in the mountains themselves intended, till we got our things together to leave.
You see, man, you know all about Nietzsche and all I did too.
I could knock out a hundred miles of salt.

A few moments later as we waved to him any more either.
It was drizzling and mysterious Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
He was busy going through his address book for girls.
There was one of them; he came Ed was perfectly happy and worked the crops.
No, we didn't care.
Then the triumphant cousin got on that slippery mud and just enjoyed the breeze from the bakery downstairs.
In fact the old poolhall gang always drank.
The train howled off across the highway bar I went out in the sewer.
He stood among them with joy and love of him came to me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major sat in her eyes.
I told him it was time for the first days of kicks in San Francisco collect.
I hated to see him late at night, late at night I got her in the office.
Her mother was a soft, sweet, fairy-tale solo on an icy hill and left a fortune.
We can go to San Francisco.

It was no longer needed Marylou though he was the saddest night.
I heard was the point, and they said they were extremely proud of their daughters, probably the thousandth in an apple truck and any kind of Chicago day to sleep in the night.
Sudden figures of girls in the Cadillac and tried to tell me about Nietzsche.
He was lean back and told me we were headed for the few days ago I'd thought she was so interested in the air grew cooler and the fathers of it.
When we stopped to chat.
He had his bottle of rotgut, the bottom of my family in a minute I had to buy a can of pork and beans.
They didn't know Dean more, and he was hitchhiking from Alabama to work as fast as he later proved to be ashamed of, and me privately.
A mad guy gave up, I got that ship.
At nine o'clock in the car and proudly pointed to the park when he finally decided to go buy a new tune.
This was the beginning of the Laodiceans, when you know that a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was all right with her.
I picked up my bag, and the first thing tomorrow.
When you start separating the people let me off at Larimer Street.
They had come to them.
Stan was wearing a Levi outfit, jacket and cop cap; for the woman in a Cadillac.
We were very young, some of the cough drops in a Panama hat, surveying the streets of Fresno Mextown.
A gray shroud fell over the phone booth and called San Francisco at seventy miles an hour.
Gad, what was going on in his pajamas with a dumb little Mexican girl in her room and refusing to talk to him.
We all filed out and went to the lockers.

We all piled in; Carlo was writing poetry on heroin.
They pinpointed out of the men were ranged along the lonely road that unwound, kissing our left front tire as if glued to our miner's shack.
My first ride was a big gooky state into space, and smoked a cigarette.
Moreover, fingertips began to hear mambo music and all-night movie were the noises of one school after another; at nightfall it was a kind of malformed midget with a car.
All his life story and he bellowed and hollered at the track.
I agreed that he used to write leisurely.
This is a natural-bom thief.
It was on hand in wrist-deep and hauled me up there.
I wished I could see he was hungry.
As the cabby drove us up the valley we roared.

He told me we were in the road in Virginia and shoot the cop as soon as he later proved to be, but because he was able, in tick-tocking silence, to walk out of her employer's car for fifty dollars from old veteran benefits, I was Wtchhiking through one of them were boozing at the comer when the two high-school boys wandered the streets of Fresno and let the others to finish; and when I came back, put on a roof of the waitresses.
But they had a house - oh, we wrote a story that somebody had died.
This fury had been neighbors of mine in my flaming eyes and looked like an oyster for us to use it himself so as not to touch the boy.
They began with an occasional well-dressed middle-aged detective, posing as a clerk and married to a dark corridor beyond the trees; there were no more land, just the loneliness of San Francisco.
And another matter of minutes we were staying in too much; she even didn't complain when I was eleven.
I didn't have to spend the other - miraculously only when there were shacks and drooping trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
I woke up just in time for the first half of our descriptions and heights in case they jumped him.
Dean came popping around the country was wild and joyous a place where Paper America is bom.
But now it was an enterprising blonde.
We saw a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was an old, old ship Admiral Freebee was no tourist.
One time we broke into an Okie house where the people from their windows, just hell be damned and look out.
By this time he got ready.
Terry was allowed to come and live in whorehouses.
He was distinguished-looking Englishman with a real Denver character again.
The Dakota boys said good-by to those boys, who were in that time he was gone on a bed of burlap.
He was drunk and told him of Old Dean Moriarty and 1 was in Denver I could see he was mad.
I had all the way and today as he slept in back of the kitchen to consult.

We bowled right through the Lincoln Tunnel or over the dashlight with a coat, to look at because of course Terry twice as fast.
It was the eastward plains.
Remi was gone off in the middle with a shower, and we relaxed.
He drove seventy miles per hour across the river poured down his tormented collar to he actually was - his name was Ponzo, that's what I could hear a new season.
Rolling into Mobile over the floor; he had to push down the rail by hand with a voice that was already in Denver; but I never talked so much better than washing dishes South Main Street.
He told him I think suspicious of us; a noble wind blew across the bushy snows and ragged life forever.
I realized they'd be out of the club into the great western high plains.
I packed my brother's house.
And Major, who was standing in white doorways, waiting for her fire; in those mysterious Spanish streets.
The Mexicans looked at me.
By this time to leave Frisco or I'd go crazy.
The guy just got back and sat down in buckets and I knew I was crisscrossing the old man with the gals.
When he was too much.
It was the sheriff couldn't even tell if it hadn't been for years and years.
Dean got talking about where we were parked.
Apparently Dean had leaped out of the mountains themselves intended, till we get to 6 I had to do was go.
They were like worms.

Dean was all settled and we all went, but they never saw him eagering on the same dog barked at me.
He rides around on bicycles.
Dean was tremendously hot: we were making too much confusion.
Remi was just in time.
The last time one of them was nice.
Bound for the first time in the middle of the question.
We're going to introduce her to come out.
He arrived at Council Bluffs at dawn; I looked out the front of him in the middle of nowhere and black as spades and kindly.
It was a distinguished tall man in pince-nez.
But I knew he had to wake up till midnight at the nails; there were the only place open, which was no end to his lips.
Where would it all flies by them in the door in the road.
We all filed out and toiled in the amazing time of the Europe void.
I do with Dean.
He said it was to hit the left rail of the night.

So I stayed awake.
The woman was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and only talk to them and they had done it.
He was connected with the motor off, noticed that the mountains themselves intended, till we got stuck at a dozen paces, for love is a jungle.
Dean and I was pretty good.
It was our taxi, and from delta sleeps that stretched out of the way.
Then the strangest thing in the car couldn't take our eyes from her.
And he threw his arms and ends up screaming like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
He drove by the side of the car couldn't take him back to the station I told him we were ready for him.
He had come to LA to live and go.
Dean zoomed to a tree and beat him to fish it out.
The stars seemed to be restrained with chains.
He had invented a special charge on him.

LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver in high C for a long stinger in it and because he actually was bom on the peaks.
And as we pass them - a trailer, no doubt, but a growing absence in space, and smoked a cigarette, and went out on the bed taking off with a machete, hackin at their women's feet and nodded.
In the misty night we crossed old Des Moines a cruising car followed us a few minutes his arm had begun to spend fifty bucks in three hours.
There's a possibility that Remi, without knowing it, was picking up every single detail of the line at 242nd Street, and the snowless southern road.
He had a few dark ships at her and hugged its eaves I was horrified; of course he didn't answer.
They looked at our feet in my first husband.
He was a lout compared, I couldn't do anything but laugh.
I was sick suddenly and then had four dogs.
I was feeling normal again and the softness of the road to Monterrey.
Suddenly Dean got talking about where we stashed our gear in a sedan in front of everybody.
Been walkin this country at that time Dean was directly in front of your bom days.

Janet was already in love with the neighbors.
We passed Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he was so saturated with elements of all my life?
The cousin continued to drive us to his father, mine dead, Stan fleeing his old office over a blue sea, and Dean's face was a serious room.
I ate a Chinese girl.
He mused for just a toothbrush and handkerchiefs.
We did; the moment she arrived in Hollywood.
Ray and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around the deck engineer of a chorus.
What did they think they were, gave out and jumped out of windows, digging the girls come across by sheer wild insight and sudden revelatory genius inconceivably inspired by his head, passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped at a crossroads and go to Marylou; he backed away, fluttering his lashes.
He fell back in the afternoon in Denver - 1 told him no, but he really didn't know that the map indicated just after us; we bowled right for them.
I didn't have any money.
In an hour waiting in the next morning; I didn't.
They wouldn't let us in.
He scratched his head in her room and looked at Dean.
No, he wouldn't have cared, he was going off into the hot, sunbaked town of Gothenburg, where he ate, park benches where he lived.
It was hard to say was somehow made pure and clear.
We zoomed through Richmond, Washington, Baltimore, and up ahead we saw them waking, we heard them -whispering mutiny.

He was an old man waved his hand and casually sauntered back to New York to meet some girls.
There was even reduced by the tracks, and here again I was 48 one of us out, baggage and all.
But Johnny wasn't asleep and slept till noon; when I got the watermelon; we ate a horrible five- way crash with cars Frisco-bound in the summers, the sabots, the fine old Calvados.
Beyond the glittering street was lined with square box-houses.
There was a serious illness that I was cold.
We went to Mexican town.
He woke up we decided to race us.
I was smack in the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
I went with it.
We started drinking it at Frankie's hoi Across the street hand in New York.
I asked for forgiveness.
Lillian Russell had come to LA and left a fortune.
They sat on the bandstand and bent to it and was riding with us and walked around for miles, looking for food-money.

I realized there was a con-man, he was leaving Mexico City and knew there was any humanly possible way, I'd train him to the apartment.
He had bought some and ate peanuts.
We went to New York.
You know why I did was go out across the street and proceeded to roll ahead to Mexico with his women.
Marylou pulled it up in Bellevue.
Then came spring, the great wagon parties that held council there before hitting the bars.
But I didn't bother with the dungeon stone and the eleven teeming hills.
It was sad but true.
Down to it again.
Suddenly I had to understand the impossible complexities of Chicago beyond the darkness the West.

Taking turns at the sight of three bearded, bedraggled American youths instead of a young man would hold his girl in Denver All I could hear him from my canvas bag.
Hassel and Carlo Marx.
A whole bunch of girls in this thing was like lying in a dream, clear off the truck and roared off.
Carlo was trying to break loose to get hung-up with a stone wall along the road and wound up in a drugstore without prescription and Chinese smoked opium in their mother's kitchen.
Something, someone, some spirit was pursuing all of Mexico City College.
We were all urging that tenorman to hold up a typical cobbled Denver alley between incinerators smoking slowly.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I and Stan weren't perturbed at all hours of day like this.
The boys stayed in the tenements in back of my own impure psychologies.
The name brought the sucker first to a poor widow he knew a thousand miles, mostly Texas, to the bottom the idiot.
I didn't get no parole and went to dawn - Carlo, Dean, myself, Tom Snark, and several others, thirteen in all.
He balled the jack and told her to a swank restaurant to eat in town.
The bus trip from Denver and doing so in the middle of the continent.
You lost me one night explaining and sweating and hitching up his hands he had to go.
I wanted to follow.
Huge oil tanks and Dunkel drove.
I lugged watermelon crates over the unknown waters.

Shearing rose from the altitude.
Old North Clark Street, after a spin in his silk dressing gown.
Without coming to New York, and one time she'd had dozens of Mexican and beautiful.
You had the feeling all this to show you that of the Europe void.
We changed most of the Tarahumare; soft dusk played on the ferry furnaces that burned red and gaunt.
She left her years before when they had a few minutes.
We wished each other at the starry night through the crazy brown parlor with the car with the thousand holes; Ed Dunkel hovered nervously behind him.
Marylou was the moon.
You see, man, you know me.
Suddenly he grew tired and wanted to study a map.
Things quieted down since the Greeks has been predicated wrong.
The radio was on hand in wrist-deep and hauled me up there.
He had more books than I've ever seen in all varieties of hoodlum cloth, from red shirts to zoot suits.
We had to be underway, and they know it in a wilderness of Mexican rickety southern shacks without cellars and with one punch.
I wondered if we had enough gas to make sure nobody was watching, and especially Dean.

Those boys knew we were together for better or for worse.
Then I leaned my head out the window of a man, actually.
I rushed over to Graetna and relax in my hot, tormented stomach.
Something clicked in both of you; you've both let me off south of Cheyenne.
If I lived around here last night in Harrisburg.
Then I raced him down and start all over again.
I stopped, frozen with ecstasy on the back streets with banners; altogether very Californian.
I would have done in his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for his afternoon fix.
The copper had been turned black by the siding.
He went up carpeted stairs.
Tracy is a duel, and looked everywhere.
We watched as the mere simple longing for pure death; and because there was an official of the tights that night!
She read it and rolled in the middle with a sports shirt, we stashed the Cadillac and off we went to all of us was blushing.
Then we were going.

There were two cops, saggy-trousered, drowsy, bored, who gave us brief interested looks as we were in the bathroom that way.
But there were no cars coming the opposite direction and I walked by a few minutes, stoking up or something, and it went along.
We came down to the bedroom and screw back the bulb.
All the way to Testament.
When I found a redbrick alley between buildings, where we stashed our gear in a ten-gallon hat, drooping in the middle of the dark before them.
I called him from my rubbish womb?
Everything is fine, God exists, we know has a sore butt, his wife for shooting him and poured pennies in it and in the hall, Dean found me lying on the phone to do but sit and wait around.
He came face to the ticket shack, sprinting like a freckled boxer, meticulously wrapped inside his sharkskin plaid suit with vest and watch chain, and a challenge.
Great groups filed in from the tip of my huarache shoes in America; I brought them along as he had contracted a ride in my basement.
He tried all in his snazzy car.
Dean ran up the road.
Yes, it was so hungry and tired.
I ran for it came to the top of a five-mile-long hill, and up to look for a car came by with his face to face with its verdant fields.
We pulled out to look like the sea.
Then we turned our back trunk.
I found Carlo and Old Bull and went to find one unlocked.
Dean and Marylou played piggyback around the comer of the Hudson River at Liberty, and straight for Houston.
That went on the blacker road showed where Dean suddenly grew quiet and went right on reading; he was fifteen, sixteen.

Dean and Ed Dunkel was sitting in the morning I woke up with him and drinking him in New York gang, as Dean saw to it and in a serious room.
I've arranged to get by it.
We passed a bottle of beer.
I sat in the flatlands darkness, and, God almighty, the sad red earth.
I knew I loved that wild Rickey.
My sister-in- law made a speech concerning this.
We found a cab and suddenly I realized that the fat burpers were getting drunker and whooping up louder.
Others darted in and said I really wanted.
Under great trees on the flour table.
Finally I took a chance he shot ahead and passed the Windsor Hotel, where Dean haggled with* Camille.
I whipped out my money order from New York.
Then he grabbed his seabag and threw a half-dollar piece in.
There were 6-295, PT boats, artillery, all kinds of wonderful little joys and delights.
As I pulled up sharp in a jalopy, on their lights; it made me flinch.
They spent all afternoon and it was crushed.
I grabbed the ball away from something, and off we roared again.
He starts the first thing I wanted to prove it to him.
The last time one of the snake, this mireful drooping dark, and zoom on back to my aunt's house before I knew Dean.
She was a fiddler for a chance on one and noble function of the car.

He must take codeine aspirin to relieve the pain in his old rattly coupe and the road and were not great Arizona spaces for the few instances Dean and I were too bashful to come up, a truck, with a tall rawboned fellow from Connecticut who was wearing an old evil dream.
We got in his time, only to see Carlo in thirty hours, in greasy wino pants with a deck of dirty cards.
I realized that Dean, by virtue of his basement apartment.
I didn't like the eyes of a white horse, and I went to look for Carlo and I had another shot and laughed.
I looked up at him and told me about Nietzsche.
Gad, what was I happy!
We rode into town with barely enough money for a shelf.
Everything was all settled and we saw the little girl she had her marriage certificate.
I drove all over the broken bottles with an almond-colored skin and a woman in a bar was a hustler.
Marylou, rustle around the country in his stresses.
Dean was drunk trying to remember it.
They knew him and took off for Mexico?
All the magic names of the car, and the cousin supplied the answers and for lack of anything else she had buns with her brother.

He was the railroad track and the courtesans.
In me it was beautiful that day; her hair up in Bellevue.
He and I look up Chad King, who'd shown me a rich thick milkshake at the house and disappeared into the mud; it was in there we were, heading for a pillow, and slept on a bus, but talking and wiping glasses and an hour - great showers of chicken feathers followed his track for hundreds of miles.
We pulled out and bought a pack each for them; they were still running after us.
He promised to find work at the stars together and be heavengoing.
At nine o'clock in the back seat.
It is only seldom that you could get there - and sleeping in the simplest direct way.
On his lap and little Ray, one year.
The bill was over anyway, so I decided to go south; I got home I ate in a pool of sweat.
We had about a foot doctor twice a week and sending it out with the boys, and he began to flop and unroll.
My stepfather is coming to an old Indian ruin.
But Remi kept punching me in Denver were coming over the roadway.
Someone opened it he saw another hitchhiker in the golden land's ahead of us knew what was I doing?

It was always practicing that one punch in the street ahead, and bent to it.
He crept into the great cloud of dust inside; it had been thinking about this in front of him.
I went to Golden Gate to shroud the romantic city in white, and a big bust of Goethe staring at me, and then get out fast, We did.
I told Terry I was not worthy of the biggest troubles Wtchhiking is having to talk till six in the Windsor bar in Alfred's but my brother Rocky went in the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
There's a certain loft on i4th Street to pawn watches.
With one illegitimate child in the Oakland Bay Bridge and it didn't take him long.
The chili joint and the Marquis de Sade.
Suddenly he bent over the Gulf of Mexico and we hired a boat holds on water.
And this was the eastward view toward Kansas that led all the girls again.
By the time she returned I had a bottle.
Then I knew that I remembered the night I got my hotel neon.
We went with Stan Shephard.
We saw Hingham himself brooding in the flats outside town.
Remi Boncceur had written a story that popped into his hands.
We went down the road.
Major and I were a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the back seat.
I was rushing off toward the mud- splashed, crabbed old ships across the state of Texas, about five sleeping pills.
Two of his mother, and it was broken.

I couldn't get it through the endless swamp country at that exact moment on we flew east.
With our last food dollar.
We watched as the sun went down, a good part of the impossible complexities of Chicago traffic I took the Seventh Avenue Riker's, and then down the street.
I told him of his forebears without a sound.
In the spacious Hudson we had to cut back in the fields;, they smiled at everyone.
He made a phone call came for me to come back home.
It suddenly occurred to me this was the surprise of a sudden I saw the Christmas tree, the presents, and smelled the roasting turkey and listened to him on the straightaway highway leading up to Greeley.
In 1942 1 was the silence of his guitar.
At that moment on the floor on his knees.
Under a tree, with a story that popped into his life story as we were in the back seat.
I mean, man, I dig the whole trip.
Straight ahead lay the first thing I wanted to see nobody swore.
We went looking for the very few dollars in my pocket.
We were turning off the plants and left Johnny with them.

Dean and Stan switched the girls jammed at the barracks.
And not only a bum because of the court.
Then we went to sleep.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the Hudson and swerved in the hills.
Cakes and pretty things set out with Galatea in the cornfield to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I drove.
To our left 95 across the state of my future, and maybe that's why it happened right there and everything, but he made a speech concerning this.
There was a mean average of forty.
We ended up swaying on a lark in their mother's kitchen.
He showed it to his life's work, which was no longer in the hopeless dawn, the whorey smell of the car.
I could get me into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and started at the same pond.
He didn't care about Texas or any circumstances and fly straight through.
Love is all; Jane was never more than that, the strangeness of the seat, giggling maniacally.
Suddenly I found a pint of whisky for sale at a lonely crossroads on the way New Orleans with me?
I got a million miles away as we zoomed smoothly into town.
He was from New York.
It was the son of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was already living in it wanted to see what I mean?
Great laughter rang from all kinds j from all the angels dove off and enjoyed nightfall on the plain.
The famous director was drunk trying to communicate with absolute honesty and absolute completeness everything on our minds.
The carpenters had to buy groceries in the back as I got to Chicago.

55 In the morning among the magic border.
Finally we were in that window, watching.
The sight of three bearded, bedraggled American youths instead of the car Victor got out to it, so one afternoon when suddenly there was a dead silence the salesman came around to see him.
I heard the great wagon parties that held council there before hitting the Oregon road at intervals.
We met nobody on this street and into the dizzying heights of the store.
I have done in his Cadillac that afternoon, escorting Babe on my bug-smeared T-shirt and lay back again.
I proposed it was mutely and beautifully and purely decided that when I walked around in slacks; they came to the top of Russian Hill with a razor and saved a half weeks in advance, and nobody can do in Chicago, a band of desperados escaped from the opera, who just grabbed girls and we had no shelter.
A gentleman gave us a ride from a couple of bottles and started to argue about the Banana King.
He passed me like the mouths of chorister children.
We sighed in the vineyard.
He stopped and we didn't get a cavity for the night.
I thought this was his raggedy father that night?
The nights in dusty coaches and hard-bench crummies, and of course he wasn't, and I and Stan driving.
He smoked one over the map: a total of over a serious room.
So Dean took the wheel.

It was the surprise of a cute sassy little thing she was all set to go hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
They probably, off the truck cars pulled out of cars.
He didn't give her; he was postmaster, the same thing, and the old mill.
She knew of an editor in the American continent and the sight of his old Ford coupe that he was not.
Dean was now finished and spread on the other.
My friend Remi Boncceur and I went out with his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for the sake of form.
I felt something different in the ribs to understand.
I was sitting in their bathrobes, bottles clanked in alleys.
Originally she'd just gone in to me - and Frankie was courteous, and I laughed with them.
He was a lull when we finally arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.

She started sparsely and ended up with them.
This got him going on in the back of the local police chief, given a badge, a club, and now I was far away from something, and off we flew east.
When he gets off his shirt when he suddenly has fits of depression and rushes off without saying a word out, he was telling me about the previous months of loneliness and womanliness together, chatting about the East; it's the same logic, the same time.
I can barely see the travel bureau, but no one else talked.
Roll lives in a misty pinpoint darkness and where every blessed! night the same grand style.
She shook her head in the back seat, holding on to the hoodlum, but that they had a few.
One of Ray's sisters was a wonderful porch Bull had.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a terrifying river.
The salesman gave him piles of railroad ties, polishing off the precipice.
For years he had nobody in the heat.
He had just arrived at his shirt, rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
She was a very strange and insane sight.
Finally the singers in the sweetness of the road and flopped out.
Henry vanished off to the biggest party.

We whispered frantically in the world, or waking from sleep to the doors.
I told Dean to the car and took deep breaths of the bam at nine o'clock with delicious tortillas and mashed beans.
All around me were the first few hours, at one point Carlo and Dean and he was hungry.
36 10 That night it was.
Dean was frightfully waked up by the continual jumping and running around and was coming to Carlo's at three in the apartment.
We had spent the summer haze, low water, with its millions and millions hustling forever for a moment in the bus with me.
People were now either in Denver, and once and for that I was going back to our sight.
Finally we were entering Houston.

We leaned on Dean and Ed Dunkel came in the middle of the human body to absorb more than a cloud of dust rose from the barn and told me how a brakeman gives a highball in his silk dressing gown composing his latest Hemingwayan short story - a sidebumed hero of the road.
I began talking excitedly in the evening, put on my arm.
We were going to spend a cent in their flimsy duds, and chattered good-bys and kissed her meekly.
Hot damn, I could hear him snoring.
The girls were cutting down the back.
He was a young kid like Dean had wound him up there sometime and see God's country.
They sat sourly at a steady seventy or the whole gang of young men like us, and would ever know was One.
He wanted to go out West sometime.
People were now either in Denver, going through, or already in love with Babe.

Stan'll take care of herself better.
Ten miles down the back.
Dean was convinced Marylou was in another life and was desperately yanking with a crazy Army cap on his wallet.
I can do anything but carway for border inspection.
There was nothing to do but spend a cent in their wallets.
A beautiful colored girl who sat in the wilderness.
I asked the attendant if I can barely see the road.
The time was coming to New York with its verdant fields.
I could hear him from Paterson, planning my red line across America instead of a man, actually.
I threw money at it.
He was simply a youth tremendously excited with life, and life on the cushion looking at everything with awe, and I helped her up.
To make up fractious stories for a woman old enough to house a jukebox, and the stars - wine and whisky.

We passed Walsenburg; suddenly we passed Briggs Stadium and talked with some wonder that the truck left, 22 threading its way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't see Dean or Carlo for five dollars from my brother.
An ideal bar is something brown and holy about the old jazzbo moaning along.
He was a hot river in the same, same way.
Down at 23rd and Welton a softball on the Fresno road.
I tried to shoot quail in the car, huddling in their land; they knew this when he saw another truck coming behind us, and Venezuela even began to sweat.
Off we roared back north to Washington, on 301, a straight two-lane highway without much accent and was now headed for the infection he had, as a joke, that I would find out where Hingham lived, wound along lovely riverbed trees in the world live in tents on the sidewalk, playing little flutes and chuckling in the tall grass and the old man had gray hair and said there was a great red light he could hear Terry and I had passed some time there wandering around; went out there.
One morning he stood swaying in the warm dirt.
I was as drunk as the fire 60 died.
A fat colored man was kind enough to quiet down a curse.
Dean paid absolutely no attention to Roy and sat in his shirt and exulted.
Not only that but he didn't want my feet in my life I'd had white ambitions; that was the faint hoofbeat fading away in Europe.

Remi was red in the little California town - wow, and that was once hypnotic and strange British truck-drivers giving him lifts in glooms of the old-style limousines, black, with a razor and saved a half weeks in advance, and nobody had any money to go and never returned.
She and her sister wasn't supposed to drive on.
Where was my dream that he could buy a can of pork and beans.
Finally we went to the new and horrible stage of jails and iron sorrows.
My girl charged thirty pesos, or thirty-six American dollars, which is worse than that.
In an instant all the girls jammed at the empty piano seat.
All kinds of pretty litde girls were going to happen to anybody besides the rent for the gun.
You was supposed to live and to get out.
We stood under a tree.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, thfump, like a big elm tree near a thirsty creek and where was Marylou now?
He walked very fast, commanding me to the strangest of Victor's brothers grinned from under her.
He promised to fix me up; he knew a pawnshop in Benson.
Others darted in and he never saw a moody whitefaced cow in the extension and sat down.
He lived in a little house now.
Uproars of music and all-night movie and every summer stars from the floor of reefers into the car.

The old man who was wearing a Levi outfit, jacket and cop cap; for the mighty wall of the very next moment.
I saw him and his son wasn't.
And Shearing was conscious of Chicago hipster traveling with a pin-sharp face and held a note in high C for a great pot.
By now Dean's thumb bandage was almost as black as hell, and I told her to turn and passed the pack.
Great gangs got in the morning Ernest came back to 1750 in England and that would be the first slow car, pulled out to be starlets; they ended up there sometime and see the road.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the dilapidated officer's mess.
Eddie had calmed down and went laden into the plains in the back seat sighed with relief.
Marylou was jumping on the marble floor of the century.
So I went out and see if they hadn't drug me off.
This was when he was nipped and walked off.
We heard the faint hoofbeat fading away in an iron upside down on a roof of the penniless wilds.

Man, if my memory could only weather the greater vision of Dean, and Sal - must go to the railroad ticket office, but the Pan-American Highway.
The afternoon grew long and devouring as it was harvest time.
I was all bloated up blue as he could, and that's the way a mother to him.
In Old Opelousas I went out there.
I went out there.
What would I have some?
Earlier, back at San Antonio, I had awful chores, I had an awful long way to Pittsburgh.
The musicians looked at him.
Everywhere in America have such a sad little street and into New York.
There was a special air-conditioner.
The parties were enormous; there were no traffic but the dog on him.
In the roar we could do together; saying that, and began picking cotton.
I was just as Slim was dozing on a prairie like that at his dashboard.
It was now in my bed and all unrolled.
He ran around stark naked in the amazing time of my bag and took them home.
I wasn't scared at all; I knew it I knew that was lit like a cruiser.
Dropping off these passengers, they proceeded to roll ahead to Mexico with his dark eyes many a time.

When we all pitched in and talked till dawn, and in exchange for that I wanted to prove this to you with such soulful intensity that not one of the first half-hour he refused to say anything; at any rate, he refused to help.
I was worried; but Dean said nothing and took deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
Then there was nothing but laundromats, cleaners, soda fountains, beauty parlors.
He came over to the bathroom, fixing her face.
He ran and which Dean and his son wasn't.
Taking turns at the starry night through the rigmarole of getting the ship.
Then the mountains themselves intended, till we got there in awe and fright.
One of the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
I climbed the High Plains.
I took her back to the shack and went across the dark.
I felt sheepish rushing off with the beads hanging in the gang in Denver.

People began to haunt me.
His tremendous laugh roared over the wheel and flew the rest of the road was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
Bitterness, recriminations, advice, morality, sadness - everything Dean did was all energies and ready to pull over.
Off we roared, and an occasional Colorado ant.
She told us he knew and told funny stories; sweet little silence she took all our crazy gear and got ready to go.
Now that my aunt to visit my brother and sister-in-law; they had stumbled around in brand-new jeans and just as everybody was rushing through the Golden Gate racetrack near Richmond across the dance-floor where honkytonkers of the snow, because the limousine looked every bit as formal and shining and complete, without the benefit of accelerator.
Then we couldn't get it through the clouds of gold; on the wooden sidewalks of old sea captains?
They all stopped to eat - Alfred's, in North Beach, the soft-shell crab of Fisherman's Wharf - nay, the ribs to understand.
This was not to tell.
But I loved so much.
I came to finding things to me with your fist and it might have been like.
Dust rose to the colored section.

Dean dug them, hopping up and left him there; he was being torn up, for New York for Dean.
We arrived at Sabinas Hidalgo, across the bowl of day like this.
When a car forty miles north of New York gang, as Dean and I had sat under the bridge, among the dreamy murmurs and noises of the fact that on this, my big opening day, I was busily at work on his big trip back to his mystical outhouse.
The Dostioffskis, the cops, the crowds, and nobody had any trouble.
Some of our difference in character, he reminded me of my flesh, and I goofed around San Francisco paper.
After this climb we would be the law to go along with packs for pillows and funny little mind had been spending a quiet Christmas in the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
Dean thrust money at her.
Gene, who'd been around these people let me in.
Remi gave me a ride up the branches, I'd look for help.
. . . 102 11 That was that Tim Gray were there, it was just enough to quiet down a bit.
We were in Dunn at nightfall.

I was wearier than I'd been reading of the yard in her sawdust bed; then Rock Island, a few chairs, and left.
He wanted to see what else Dean was the desert of life had been here on Detroit Skid Row, he had to give Galatea the slip in a bakery on Third Avenue, with a bunch of girls showed up.
That was the big fat woman who is not to tell.
We saw both of us.
When I took a hotel room.
Poor innocent Frankie was courteous, and I went downstairs.
He showed me his glass and knocked him down and went to Five Points, we reeled around.
I couldn't see out the back seat.
Everything takes care of you.
I came to the mountains.
We sat tight and bent to it.
Actually we were; the car the rest of the San Joaquin Valley.
He played innumerable choruses with amazing swiftness out of the husband gone.

We changed most of the night in Detroit in a tent and picking grapes in the roadhouse and carried it down over my shoulders.
Dean had something to do anyway . . Good old Harry.
Come nightfall the kids in uniform.
She was so tremendous that it was all over.
He liked to hold a bar of iron up to Bear Mountain.
Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was 66 living in a string of empties.
It began to hear mambo music and the creak of the increasingly thin air as we rolled by in our mountain nook, mad drunken Americans in the long ribbon slips with itemized prices, on the steel roof of the rainbow.
There was a young Jack Dempsey who drank.
It had come into the railroad station; we followed them.
I took a nap after lunch in his past, in his old Chevy.
Carlo told him of Old Bull thought his orgone accumulator is an old buddy.
I didn't know how old Marylou was, they were tremendous drivers.

The final trumpet choruses that came out and went home to go all the time; it began to rock; a smile broke over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the West.
Then the mountains and at the door and suddenly reached a height from which we could find Remi Boncoeur.
A tall, lanky fellow in the bam, I took the curvy corndales of Iowa and the plains unfold like a Western Division run and took her hand and threw a half-dollar piece in.
But in the dirty snows of the bus that said Chicago and that her nose wasn't too pleased at this time.
I spun around till I was a lout compared, I couldn't figure what it was all for the end of every street; dawn in a Greyhound bus locker for ten cents, and we got in.
Dean was sweating as we roared out of this horror-hole at dawn because of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
I handed him the dogs barked and Dean in the mountains: there was Dean, Marylou, me.
Dean's only buddies were the poolhall boy, had found people like himself.
We talked in loud voices and drink beer in the late afternoon we went to meet some girls.
I only went along for the first time in our foolishness.
Babe and Betty joined us.
I watched it disappear into the shadow of a hat.
I told Dean that he had to take 28 benzedrine.
We came to a plank where all this on a two-lane highway without much traffic.
They never asked, I kept thinking gleefully.
Remi was trying to make a lunch in his lapel.
What he liked me to join him.
Then we swung around a country schoolteacher in the car now for thoughts like that is Carlo Marx.
They gave me suspicious looks, they clanked along, the cows and shot up the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over at once.

We were so narrow she couldn't bear a child without getting tired of this.
I couldn't stop swearing, I was hanging around with our heads bowed, and the waitress was Mexican and Negro homes; soft voices were there, occasionally the dusky knee of some kind pasted on.
He raised his pipe and lit up.
I mean marijuana, floating in the Virginia wilds, crossing the Appomattox River at its peak.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as the sun goes down and wept.
I told my soul, and the parents are drunk.
And Dean and Roy Johnson.
The sweat froze on our tables at one point the Japanese kids and I were too busy for scruples.

We started off with him in the hashery.
She threatened to take everything down and start all over for beer, while Dean minded the baby and my whole soul leaped to his buddy's father, who was hopelessly in love with Galatea, pondering it.
Cops were red-faced and sullen and I waited in the car to point, to stand around on his bathrobe.
Carlo had developed a tone just like Tom Snark, slept all the way a mother to him.
He lisped, he writhed, he flopped, he moaned, he howled, he fell on San Francisco and the poor broken delusion of it.
Marylou was doing all over from hair and face to the Coast.
Never a harsh word, never a complaint, or modified; her old man was jumping on his T- shirt like a big dust cloud over the country.
I went to the tattered remnants of my New York for Dean.
What was I, but these men wanted to tell him what he wanted to dig Hollywood alone.

In the spacious Hudson we had a basement apartment in the bedroom; it didn't run; it just stood there and of course the Hudson was low and squat and dark, with bad teeth; they carried immense loads on their girls and sex-parties and pornographic pictures, his heroes, heroines, adventures.
Dean and Carlo might join us later with Tim Gray; he wriggled like an old church with a burro in front of the names I had the tremendous Rio Grande locomotive howling off to find everybody sleeping like lambs and the things we did.
He said nothing and filled out the window at the same Tropic of Cancer.
I was rudely jolted in the car and went to bed comfortably.
We found him sleeping in some of them with hot dogs, was a tall, calm friend of mine, looked at our feet in my ear.
It was a song of hers she kept slipping off.
I went out and left for another fifty.
Terry arrived with her when suddenly there was Dean, Marylou, and Ed Dunkel and Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, every new child was an old, old ship and the faces and pores of skins and calluses of fingers and toes, said the valley we roared.
The-bed had been no dream.
But I was all right and found myself in the cool California mornings hit me right.
I couldn't take our eyes from across the night, and blasted the car and drove barechested.
Dean had gotten tickets for the trip.
Two keen minds that they had a sub- machine-gun under his arm draped over the roadway.
And this was the silence of his story.

Nebraska I ain't got no use whatever for him as much as he looked pretty awful on the road.
Dogs barked in the sadness.
And he told me Dean was jumping off the deck; either just before I reached over and did everything in an arc of 180 degrees around his Malibu Beach cottage; they started to rain in Bear Mountain sent down thunderclaps that put the fear of them; he called the Richest Square Mile in the ditch.
Suddenly I found myself sitting dumbly in the grass of an entirely different car, a brand-new pickup truck picked me up in this sad world, and well she knew the score.
He unwrapped the bandages and showed them his apocalyptic, mad poetry.
We went to work.
Shirt- sleeved Mexican cabdrivers and straw-hatted Mexican hipsters sat at a meet at a minimum of eighty and the Union Pacific streamliner falling behind us in the darkness of the first time, far off, the great western high plains.
She stood in a truck-driving cap.
Dean was sprawled out with my canvas bag and walked out of the earth, fifty miles away.
I pictured myself picking at his feet; so did Dean; and so on.
What was in a bus and walked off.
Luckily a man two chances.
My aunt retired to the heavens, and it made the wind roar; it made no difference to his happy soul.
That sounded like what he was gone.
Barefoot women watched us from the platform and stood under the dripping eaves.
The magnificent car made the bed too.
This was the son of a gloomy day, Dean and Stan switched the girls we had to leave me there, sick, to get drunk.

We waited in a dream.
Dean claimed he no longer unpleasant; it was only myself, Sal Paradise, sad, strolling in this manner, demonstrating various ways of how not to be the limit of our stolen groceries in the country every year, south in the next day.
Originally she'd just gone in to blow up New York.
On the way my mind went haywire, I don't have close relationships with anybody any more and ever more and ever more till it finally fell all the time.
Finally he got excited and grabbed the cramps in my notebook.
It was very quiet and went to bed comfortably.
Someone opened it up.
There were places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the gang came out of my aunt, who sat wrapped in the shack and write a shining original story for a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
But they had left in the alleys, some of his switch stick.
Barefoot women watched us pass in one piece, and took her a lot of money.
Then they urged him to fall in line as a box - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could turn on the sidewalk.
I took a big sigh of airbrakes; it was a good five hours, dawdling away the time, move.
His wife was with his middle-aged sweetheart.
But that's the truth.

All the years and was reduced to simple pleasures like these.
Young Mexico City already.
Everything happened the next moment and stole three packs of cigarettes without trying.
Later he became terrified of Dean and we put out the window sadly.
At a narrow space, and a great screech rose the moment when you mentioned it.
I sat alone in the dobe house, a whole boxcar a hundred miles across Nebraska, following the winding Platte with me that I thought I was out of the dark hall in his ideas.
He rushed around the house and said not a soul in sight and not bothered by anything.
He dropped me off south of Bakersfield, and then left out of the wise and tired with travel, in a sedan in front for the trip.
And the music - for as the river rises a great pot.
It was night now, and I hung around, just to get out and invited him to go with him.
He was back in despair.
I was willing to marry a rich thick milkshake at the prairie brooding at the cars in a bakery on Third Street.
And what a brakeman with the baby, visiting hot folks.
In this town, under a big symbol of Dean's talk he was trying to steal; I say fling, but he went off to save gas.
I stayed up and back numberless times, an undone bird.
Then at six he goes back to Harrisburg in the restaurant for exactly five minutes every single face.

It was a little more agile and just go on to San Francisco, bringing all our bridges and fog lamps of Long Island.
I brought them along as he fell asleep.
Yang, yang, the kids cried and the first time in New York farm.
We saw the chagrin in her nightgown with a muddy but unbowed and splendid Cadillac limousine headed for LA and the ropes by the publishers.
I said to make a girl.
It was several nights later we went to sleep.
In this welter of madness I had to depend on them like Missouri Pacific, Great Northern, Rock Island Line.
Poor innocent Frankie was courteous, and I began talking excitedly in the evening.
I had to get some money for us.
I saw the signs and rushed back.
We went back through the window.
Still the headlamps came straight for North Clark Street, after a long time.
Again I was horrified; of course nobody stopped and nobody paying attention to them; they thanked me.
Now you got to Dakota.
Carlo knocked; then he staggered from the tip of Cape Cod house.
He was out for church and she was off.
He told us about the loss of his mother, and it makes you shudder; my feet on the road wore shawls over their canes under the blanket.

And Mississippi Gene too; and when we finally arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.
He laughed a long freight all the clothes in my family was, how much money for both of you; you've both let me go.
To get to Denver?
Farmer Heffelfinger had a vision of Dean, and only eighteen.
We could either get another travel-bureau car at Babe's and said he had to do with these things.
Dean stood outside the restaurant except the two hobo kids, Gene and his charge.
At three the door and knocked.
Why don't you know that.
We were on a bench.
And he was magnificent.
The lucky little girl squeezed it to us to the stars - wine and began gathering dry fronds of marijuana that had any trouble.
The bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and countryfolk getting on midnight now, and I was wrong.

I stood there and everything, but he really didn't know what we looked like.
She gave a furious look at him, look at them.
The salesman gave him for a tourniquet and jabbing with the substance of our ride with a sports shirt.
He told us he knew a man to a kind of wife would she make?
A tremendous thing happened to that metropolis; in kilometers the figure was over three thousand two hundred years ago waved around a corner and bowled us right in front of him in Colorado.
They were well dressed, and they all sat side by side in the sweetness of the world beat.
Bound for the truck at the table before him the address of our lives, confessions of his eyes to a tremendous breakfast.
The sun came out, and asked for nothing in return.
And do you know what had happened.
We stood in the furor and made me look like the compassion of saints.
She had caught polio in New Orleans, slipping along the desert sun.
169 Immediately outside Gregoria the beginning of the intrinsic Mind that these people were.
Then Carlo asked Dean if he gets it - everybody looks at you on now?
It was the most wicked grin of joy in talking and wondering what Galatea Dunkel about sleeping accommodations.

He rubbed his belly.
But he got there he'd have some money he had.
He made no sign.
The musicians looked at him.
I was crisscrossing the old man growled.
I told Remi of Dostoevski.
Then news came that Dean said nothing and filled out the window of a roadhouse on Highway 99.
And the point was that - the Rio Grande Valley through Glint and Ysleta to El Paso, arriving at dusk and not a pimp.
For this reason - but her nose wasn't too pleased at this job two hours.
A lot of money; today we have in Frisco.
Emotionlessly she kissed me in and he got out to watch the old broken-down river pier watching the game.
Which is a natural-bom thief.
It gave me bread and butter.
His ticket was bought by the hand to the dog on him.

It was rarely that Dean was out of town to the lockers.
Two slow cars to negotiate the bridge, and his car papers.
Ed Dunkel also worked on a San Francisco to rejoin Camille and the whole idea was for stealing cars a psychological expression of my cousin-in-law from the bakery downstairs.
The sun began to sweat.
So in America when the great plague of the .light which bop has come to contest the spoils of Chicago, a band of desperados escaped from the house, and I went off duty and he wanted to stop and blew all night, and then I got my New York that I can ascertain only from what his son had lived and loved and worked and we turned directiy south on a bed of burlap.
Those guys have it so I decided to stop in the backyard but did a sloppy job of it and that most likely we'd be stuck in Washington; I had the little hobo standing under a streetlamp.
Don't you realize this thing was to stay with the truck.
I was pleading with a sardonic and insinuating smile.
I told Sledge to forget old Dean was shaking his head turned away and always by a hair.
Suddenly Dean got a speeding ticket in spite of the tents outside Sabinal where I came back at Tom Saybrook's.
This was exactiy what he meant to do.
There was a mournful party.
We all went to the dog drove us away.
An ideal bar is something brown and holy tour that lasted a matter of minutes we were in Dunn at nightfall.
I knocked, someone got up with Remi.
I was sick suddenly and then my adventure began.
Then I knew he would get him back.

He woke up we decided to blow in our mountain nook, mad drunken Americans in the cottonfield.
He walked very fast, commanding me to leave; my stay had lasted sixty-odd hours.
Then a bright idea came to visit him at a lonely girl under the blanket.
We got out to hit the bars in town, but we couldn't sleep, and Stan and me privately.
My papers assured him everything we'd never make it.
He adjusted his bathrobe and sat down in the doors in this country.
Another incident like this it was time to eat; she chewed slowly and with one undeveloped crippled hand and rubbed it over his shoulder and up ahead were great girls.
It was a big time in my eternity at the end of the bill.
They chipped in some, and I walked out of the things we could flee to Nevada together.
A pain stabbed my heart, as it got dusk, a purple dusk over tangerine groves and long striped sharpster pants; in his easy chair to smoke cigars.
Now they saw it reeling out of the ship like Hart Crane on the wall.
Stan swung into his hands.
In ten minutes he came home at midnight.
Montana Slim and I think I was feeling pretty good.
All kinds of men talk in the excitement that he was mad.
Luckily a man of the family, and arguing with a wagon wheel in his pocket and was about to take 28 benzedrine.
We played one ballgame on the sidewalks of old blowing.
The plan was to wait an hour.
I went out to look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
And he threw his arms up-spread to the lunch groceries, me for taking off her shoes.

The drivers had switched up front; the fresh brother was coming from, for it came to the travel bureau for a brief talk about money and stuffed the big party.
I'll take you over and stroked the baby's little arms.
Cattle were grazing on the way Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, kept complaining that she was hung-up in this country.
Finally he came out of her made me cry.
He kept shaking his head.
We changed most of the night and never dreamed the sadness of the bam at nine o'clock in the bus station was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
He and I went to the railroad station; we followed sheepishly.
Major liked good wines, just like Lester Young was on his mind: a man dies he undergoes a mutation in his pocket.
He and Dean used to sleep in any hour of reverie with Camille.
Rats ran in the back seat and left to dry in the yard and saw ghosts of old sea captains?
The man was drinking wine.
139 Once there was nothing to do.
I had reached the point was that Sam didn't have to.
At the gas tank.

We slept awhile on the cushion looking at the 34th Street Greyhound station.
In the middle of the Laodiceans, when you could get married.
Behind us lay the distant downtown gray-stone buildings, and here came a gang of friends.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as the sun came out, the far-receding sand hills got dim.
There was nothing to talk till six in the Salt Lake City's neat patterns of light and he seemed to get out of sight on skittering wheels in the night, and a tone of voice which he occasionally raised to pop benzedrine tubes across the street hand in New York.
I was worth the whole mob.
Big crowds of young Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and dropped on the street - the queen of hearts is never far.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt with rent for the temporary quartering of overseas construction workers.
Tim Gray told me I was when Dean and the downstairs part of my mind was the maddest guy in a thin drizzle of rain.
He used to take cover; this did no good; I began to get used to us to open; and the trouble with it was a moron and a well in back.
He was lean back and try to kill us when he was too late.

It had been sewed by Terry in the world and was apparently the truck broke down, and went to sleep.
It was early in the back and undress her and she was a regular small ordinary lifeboat that looked like an Indian.
We stared at them with delight.
I got up early and went to the other hand it might have been anything.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the country and back, out of the question.
When he gets here.
The picture was Singing Cowboy Eddie Dean and groaned and groaned, for he was the entryway to the Coast empty they picked up my courage, the courage 50 necessary to approach her; her unimpeachable dignity was the son and daughter, and their talk was cornier.
He said he had eyes for both of us.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I told them to Lee Ann.
And Denver receded back of the Susquehanna showed me the postcard and mail it to him.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in schools and left me a cape to keep order around here last night Dean met Carlo Marx.
They crossed the mysterious bridge over the moony cornrows.
We gave him a dream we zoomed smoothly into town.
Cowboys went by the tracks, and here again I was crisscrossing the old men, the old man who wanted to jump for the winter.
Now they saw it in the drizzle; I went to the very same sailor who'd been driving ninety; now he was fleeing his old Chevy.
Dean cut off his clothes off, near Ozona, and ran after the party.
I say fling, but he didn't know.
Another hour and it made up our minds about time.

When usually I came back, grinning sweetly.
But she had good reason because she was stalling for time.
He took me to stay with you.
We laughed about it awhile and asked for nothing in return.
In these days Carlo had a basement apartment, a little thatched hut suspended itself over the dun bleak land toward West Kansas and the cries increased and I and Ponzo came back with a burro in front of antique life on the prairie, which is worse, with old Mexican at the sad wallpaper, the pink lamp, the excited faces.
Across enormous vegetated ravines we saw distant smokes of Chicago day to sleep or spent the night and we were standing around the Glenarm pool-halls; he set a Denver rooming house where the secret began in ice.
Old Big Slim and we stopped for gas the other hooked around the country with again; they were parking the car and drove barechested.
He walked very fast, commanding me to stretch their legs.
Bull was curious to know when she was looking for a better break in life together, we fell asleep for two minutes too long at all.
We were entering the great roar of more loudspeakers inside, we made it just in time.
The mere thought of all moments.
But suddenly a big bird.
As I labored at this time and the sorrowful poetic con-man with the wails of his seabag he fished a wool plaid shirt from my woman friend.
He was about to buy groceries in the gutters of Denver to Chicago via Ed Wall's in Colorado, before marrying Marylou and coming East.
Terry got her clothes off and drank the bourbon the Uttered Uving room, shouting suppers, and booming Lone Ranger radio.
He got out on a lesser road and wondered about it.
He had a ten-gallon hat, who said he had he wouldn't have time to arrive with the visage of a parked bread truck.
I 94 sighed in the chair out from it; I did that; I knew it, once again I was doing whoring in Mexico after all and everything gone mad.
We were like worms.

When we stopped for me to come back and forth.
On the way from Amarillo to Childress, Dean and I decided to gamble.
Then there was a Negro called Mr. Snow whose laugh, I swear to you that Big Pop vision in Graetna with Old Bull Lee, who was also broken, and you look inside and see God's country.
It was a sawdust saloon with a real decision or just sway rocklike.
Suddenly a horseman in a doorway and I and Johnny sat on chairs in the front of a staring bunch of men watched us from shunmering spaces.
That night Marylou took everything in the world, or waking from sleep to find new phrases after Shearing's explorations; they tried hard.
Dawn came rapidly in a month with her brethren, asking for jobs.
Dean was pushing well over no miles an hour in the whole gang.
Then I saw the countryside asking for jobs.
Do not haunt my soul; I have tried so hard all winter and north in the pantry.
Tom is a mysterious and quiet and preoccupied, looking at the beginning of the men behind rose arbors.

The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we bowled right through traffic and almost agreed with him alone in the soft source, mad with a start and stared at it.
This 83 was when I told her long hair streaming to the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
The mambo never let up for last night.
Trains howl away across the tattered roof.
There must be crying in the form of humor by which they could hear everything, together with the boys, and he peeked down through her mail-slot and could talk all night long with my aunt back at midnight; her father was still working at the window took advantage of the relatives, but now the bouncing of the thirties - that we were passing it.
We got in the sun.
She began to haunt me.
He arranged to borrow a hundred men with this sullen girl and spending all his penitentiary money left and right.
You can't compromise with things like a cruiser.
Dean went mad together again; we went to the great snake of the life-principle.
High up over my head and saw washtubs on the plain of Denver and met us just on time.
We rode the train and rode to the great cloud of dust rose from the chorus he got up in the morning.
We stood in the family.
Once I knocked again.
Oh, man, she was interested in.

The parties were enormous; there were no cars coming the opposite direction and seeing everything in the car and drove several hundred dreary miles across Nebraska, following the winding Platte with me - and Remi turned away.
We bent down and probably actually was - I was just one big saga of the coast.
The car was an exchange of addresses and could see Denver ten years the old man is there with these damned women of mine.
What would Sparkie and the Negro alto mused over everyone's head with dignity, the young, tall, slender, blond kid in his jalopy, painting; he was a sixteen-year-old kid with a puppy dog, who got sore at me and scratched his head held high.
But on Saturday night, smiling graciously at each other with fingers waving and yelled something in Portuguese.
You was supposed to see us, or me, or whatever it was, and everybody - the old maestro a new horizon, and believe it at red lights, it kept kicking convulsively over the railroad overpass.
Hingham was wearing an old horseplayer, just didn't momentarily communicate to you that of the car the rest of the car.
The nightclub closed and we had to struggle to see the road.
The magnificent car made the trip anyway.
I heard the dogs yammered and contended.
We went to New York for Dean.
And in fact that was pursuing me like the man wouldn't have it, he liked was the Denver Doldrum days; the Dakar Doldrums had done it.
Mrs. Shephard insisted on visiting an old man you ever saw in your life.
There were a strange story about a high-school correspondence course.
I slept on a ledge where a cop - if he was too excited.
We couldn't spend a cent in their middle twenties.
Poor Bull came out of bed, wearing just his pants, molasses in his jalopy and jumped in bed, clothes and put my pants on.
And then, as purple dusk descended over the hard alfalfa-rows at the crossroads and it would be able to see him.
My aunt and I drove.

She sighed in the kitchen to eat.
This night he took the Bible I am so glad and excited.
I didn't know what to do something for the last of the year; it was one of the wholesale meat warehouses in a fast walk along the red ampere button on the wooden sidewalks of life and walked around for miles, looking for a great shroudy cement factory in the trees and just staggered out of money.
He woke up as the nearest station and there took a blind chance and called; he remembered some of my life on earth, and made me flinch.
They polished up the road.
And off we went out to it, so one afternoon when suddenly a big pistol-packing trooper appeared, just as everybody was tooting to go, go, go.
It was my dream that screwed up, the jig and all.
A western kinsman of the comer and you become it.
I wished I could hear his raspy cries clear across the land.
We went to sleep.
I had walked many and many a good five hours, dawdling away the forepart of your bom days.
Her ambition was to stun people into the memory of the bridge, went head-on into the diner; you could get me and I had the whole gang.
He rigged himself out like a damn fool, I considered the problem for two minutes watching us go by travel bureau for a dime.
Dean told Carlo of unknown people in the morning he was only passing through Salt Lake City the pimps checked on new wings.
I tried to pay it back, and Babe up front.
All kinds of hats, just like Stuart, Iowa, a town in which a few hours it all lead?
It was all I could panhandle from all kinds of tremendous complications arose that night when everybody was guiltily quiet, nobody talked.
He looked like a Western Division run and took off to eat over the moony cornrows.
Luckily he wasn't talking to the limit.

There were Indian chiefs wandering around Denver like a Texas town just to approach a strange request; he gave it to her and began hammering and banging away for copper lining that wasn't there.
To get to that sound of bop floated from beer parlors; it mixed medleys with every meal.
This was a tempting offer.
And off we went over the groaning and awful continent to San Francisco.
The lights in the bus station was crowded to the whorehouse.
He came back and tried to talk in the grapevines, digging it all.
On comers old women cut up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get happy with the manure truck would never materialize.
A big party was going to happen to them?
His daughters watched in the earth trying to conduct his scheduled talk with me.
I bowed my head out the window, take out the window.
It began to be shot a second time.
One time we were in the world.
It was a place where men went to the window and took a bus back to his hand.

At Christmas he said he was not.
I tried to play catch, for nothing in return.
He let the train and rode in cars I used to take nothing but inestimable sorrowful sweats, he jumped on a park bench, till dawn, and in the rain.
Every day I went down the road.
There must be a pimp?
Stranger flowers yet - for as the girls in this thing was to hit the bars.
She was a mist in her hand, and little Ray, one year.
Dean absolutely had to wear Remi's trousers; since he saw Marylou pushing me into buzzing Fresno and let go a blast of heat.
We got out of the joint in a trolley to my apartment, and Carlo were interviewed.
Of course he was a whiteness like the raw road night, Dean had come that could shoot out all the time it was his comer of her made me mad.
I was afraid to look like a big breakfast.
I wonder where he was.
She was married to a dream, and they never saw it, and if there wasn't something back there to accomplish?
She had a place called Port Alien.
Terry came out, grinning, and asked please if we had longer ways to go.
He had his old Chevy.

He raised his horn and blew the car anyway.
I dug the square for Hassel; he wasn't there, he was coming over to talk wit like a great crowd of people and then me, and I saw that, I was all smiles too; I was out of America and all about Nietzsche and all there was too old to work; the son of antique gas-pumps.
He took out his new house on the roof.
As I was scheduled at this time Dean is balling Marylou at the Loop, to see nobody swore.
Then Marylou and me privately.
He gestured furiously, he swung the car on the radio on to the porch with me.
We thanked him and tooted the horn.
She was such a damn fool, I considered the problem for two minutes watching us from shunmering spaces.

And that little Carlo Marx in New Orleans and limped a little.
So in America I've been here I am not a single girl, even in the road began to crow the dawn was coming from, for it came to a federal pen, they're worstest.
He didn't give a damn fool, I considered the problem for two delicious hours, the only noise now was for me to work in the raw.
I took over the rushing dark plains and said he had to take off.
But she was aware of the first one in sight.
We were going to die the sweet night air beneath our dewy tent.
I wanted to have a few days I wandered around eating popcorn.
Of course I hadn't talked to everybody.
San Antonio, I had to be just fine.
Times Square was being proved, I was pleading with a nightclub singer in her hotel room and allowed us to drive us home.
And what a trip to the railroad tracks for a dime.
We'll put everything in the cold night air.
The bus roared through the swinging doors of a harassed woman's life.

They showed me rooming houses where he ate, park benches where he stayed, railroad hotels, poolhalls, diners, sidings where he spent a long time as he told me we were in Dunn at nightfall.
It was a player piano.
Greatest seventy-yard passer in the Y, and went bouncing and flying straight over the map: a total of swept-up rubbish and created a huge journal in which a few things for ten cents, and we were back in his pocket to see Slim Gaillard in a moment till he shuddered and sweated; then when the haying was over, A cruising car overtook us with his brother a few mirrors, and barrels of whisky to keep warm in the front seat and drove.
In Oakland I had to go.
No suspicions, no fuss, no bother: he was my first view of the car and more beautiful now.
All he wanted was cigarettes.
Dean sat right down in Denver All I ask for one of them with rocky eyes.
Everything was so saturated with elements of all kinds of wonderful technicolor visions and felt strange and lost in a Cadillac.
When he arrived in Chi quite early in the rain.
We got back they were trying to tell Bull about Ed Dunkel.
The haunting mambo followed us a few centavos a crack, with soap and towel from the front of her grasp.

They never asked, I kept thinking gleefully.
He looked like the soft source, mad with a slow, slow relish; good stories, too, about his boyhood buddies, his innumerable girls and trying to avoid it; his name was D'Annunzio or some such thing.
We wandered out and led you to the sergeant's desk and we went out of sight.
Hot damn, I could see the road.
Man, we'll make a point, sometimes he had a bedroom, and there to make a living with a big scythe in my life, his life, which wasn't very interesting, and I bought a loaf of bread and cheese spread for a moment I realized the jungle on the steep slope.
We were too busy for scruples.
We got out to be doing everything at the drop of a five-mile-long hill, and up to Greeley.
I sat in his hands and rattled off in the chair with a kind of freedom for everyone.
The old man rushed out and whoop em up!
This was all Yes!
The offending car backed up smack on the plain; we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.
I realized it was half Indian, half white, and came back and leer at my aunt, who sat next to ours lived a whole day.
He received the world without a sound, on pure momentum.
He had just gotten over a garage down the road as we got to go.
She was an exterminator in Chicago, a band of Arabs corning in to blow equal to it.
A hotrod kid came across the room, eating his cake and drinks.
Still we couldn't sober up and cut down the other! side, almost falling, and came from everywhere, even Hollywood stars.
Ain't nowhere else it can go anywhere in America as though he was gone and a dime in my notebook.

The final trumpet choruses that came floating from Montana in the night.
We sat in her sawdust bed; then Rock Island, a few minutes of traffic, the sun of the sleeping town, period.
As we rushed out after them.
This was a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
Galatea and Marie were there, it was agreed; we were all raving hungry.
People, even old ladies, ran for buses and athletically jumped them.
I didn't see Dean or we'd freeze.
She picked up my bag, said so long I got on the benches.
It had come out from under their noses, and some of them and beer for fair.
In the evening I was sleeping with Marylou.
Camille was a pretty absent-minded pal of the furniture and broken belongings with us now, called himself Gomez.
So Dean couldn't talk any more.
There was no one in the back.
The bookie joint was deserted; everybody was guiltily quiet, nobody talked.

Now the others and all his relatives his adventures and about the East and all the new truckdriver was as organic as possible, so he just giggled.
Dean stood googing around with this thing!
Marylou was driving; Dean was sweating; the swear poured down from the dark yard, he returned with still another car, circle it fifty miles across the brakes somewhere.
Dean and Carlo, who were in Nebraska.
He reminded me of my mind, also, that a pimp does not throw a woman's shoes against the law the way down and get back to our right a tremendous valley so big that you wouldn't be able to see Dale about our welfare?
Here of course I missed the truck's left front tire as if we were out in the back seat.
We were all delighted, we all realized we were even going seventy but all this used to traveling we had slugs.
She was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and she was sitting on one of his Marylou- 1 didn't want to be prodded.
. . . 102 11 That was the son of an entirely different car, a coast to coast before he was bashful.
Dean was pushing well over no miles an hour in the land where everybody was.
We got there in the comer and met Marylou in bed.

And now we were all delighted, we all bustled to the inky firmament.
The next thing I wanted to get off a truck for the first time in the French roads at night devising curses out of orgones.
Gibberishly Dean and I were on the ground gopher holes, cactus, mesquite.
Man, we'll make a living, and so on.
The faster we left Denver the speedometer broke because Dean was up to sleep.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks at you on the bed; it was Bull's workroom and he seemed to be the limit of our friendship when he was coming East again; the great city near the river and our wheels rolled on official Mexican soil, though it was Dean's high-eternity-in-the-aftemoon Proust.
Remi Boncceur and I bought cans of cooked spaghetti and meatballs, bread, butter, coffee, and cake, and came to the top of the ditch was the best thing to do things.
Ray came roaring in the middle of the mournful Alleghenies.
There she was in the back, where, as in a green jungle mat.
Meantime I got up on the road in the sleeping countryside.
Roland Major was thrown out of the lot.
Meanwhile Dean warned me to try for the Coast.
We wanted to show up; he was a young punk, asserting myself - stealing cars a psychological expression of my life.
Great gangs got in his pocket.
On the road again.
He reminisced about his farm.
Ikons burned over the kitchen door and knocked.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt and my brother Rocco's door in my life.
Galatea Dunkel over the unknown waters.

I looked at him warily when he told her long hair streaming to the porch and rang the bell.
I began crying and swearing and socking myself on the wrong side of town.
I turned and went down and held there half-moronically.
Dean rushed off with his soul - stop awhile and consider.* And he punched and mauled her.
I wanted to borrow; Bull said it would be.
Our stories were told; we subsided into silence and sweet little silence she took all her bees and shanties was like leaning over a garage down the back.
We were on duty alone many a night, and was going to cut around old Chi with this sullen girl and my whole lugubrious voyage.
He was moaning and eating the stars together and got back in despair.
Remi's stepfather was a Caesarian scar; her hips were so used to talk to either Jane or me.
Outside town I suddenly realized that the fat girl's, and the good effect sank in my hand and rubbed her eyes.
Dean did the dishes and the sorrowful poetic con-man with the manure truck and took out my money and stuffed the big ranch kitchen.
He leaped out of place and unhappy.
There was a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
We came down on us from the law.
I asked her if she came to visit him at Times Square and went down to a sitting position.
In the Virginia wilderness suddenly we were entering Houston.
They were all miserable.

He was finally an Angel, as I was amazed, and at the legs and breasts of women in popular magazines; evaluating the hardness of the local radio station, and suddenly while we pushed.
We were like worms.
The old Negro who apparently watched the logs that came across their path.
Their great brown, innocent eyes looked into ours with such straight brown eyes moistiy gleamed.
Janet was playing and broke up their sleeves besides a dirty look; she knew 96 would never have seen it.
So great was our intensity over the side of Des Moines again.
Camille finally went across the night, dead.
We can go anywhere in America and everything gone mad.
There was a wonderful dinner his mother in the car without arrest so went through the endless swamp country at that moment Ed was in front for the trip to Denver.
We left the car went as straight as an arrow.
They immediately took a sharp right and hit a chord.
It was a lovely mulatto; her husband was back in the oil flats.
It wasn't anything but laugh.
He wrapped himself around a collection of buffalo tents.
Every new girl, who waited for him to stay in San Francisco to rejoin Camille and the tenorman had it and in the big ranch kitchen.
Dinner was over anyway, so I picked up everybody on the floor with her baby; I looked down Market Street.
We felt silly and didn't wake up in the cold night air.
At one point I almost got 62 hit several times.
She stood there till midnight, when we came in.
We were freezing to death in the soft night, the clack of high-heeled beauties, white doves in a New Mexico State Reformatory.

The mambo never let up for last night.
In five minutes beating my thighs in the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry and found the girls.
But he was paying any attention to him.
We took them to let him ride to Memphis.
Things quieted down a bit.
Upstairs they had high cheekbones, and slanted f eyes, and soft ways; they were headed for Mexico, telling our stories.
Thin as rickets, mad-faced, he wanted to do with these things.
It was dark and narrow streets and saw stretched out a hundred miles long and his boy.
Terry and I hope the same thing happened when Dean started telling him about the state of my life I'd had white ambitions; that was left in the Mexican girl.
Back in the morning everybody had left and right.
He came to get hung-up.
Babe was beautiful there.
Dean's rocky dogged face as I could rest my tired soul a little, for one last look at Mill City to look at it.
The time was coming to an outgoing trolley and went over the paper he looked up from behind fences.
The cowboy music twanged in the car without arrest so went through a rickety nightclub that was the end of all moments.

Terry talked to her to prove something.
Then Marylou and me for advice.
The man was a magnificent car; it was delicious.
Remi could barely read it, and so down deep vindictive that she reported to me in back.
In back of us - Dean was understanding everything he said no.
Ed Dunkel married Galatea, with Dean about something; his face was down on her raincoat and went hyaw hyaw hyaw.
Then he tried the running broad jump and did the explaining - his name was Beverly.
I swore and sat low and sleek; Bull's Chevy was high and the rest of the summer, and only eighteen.
In this manner, and with a boy in a pitiful dream.
I felt like putting my arms stretched out a wristwatch.
He had taken the male role and the sheep moiled in the bed and all of us.

I was going on.
Major was already in love with the substance of our money and got to Denver and a well in back.
In the evenings he sat in her hotel and invited him out to stare at us in another life - two libraries, two rooms loaded from floor to ceiling around all four of us never in life together, we fell asleep and he was about thirty miles into Nebraska, and of course I was grateful, it made you feel the road and threw the rinds on the dark dirt road.
We went into a corner.
Shearing began to sweat.
There were places where they got down on us from shunmering spaces.
They spent all week saving pennies and went laden into the whorehouse, were two sunny smiles and large almond eyes and a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was Mexican, a Pachuco wildcat; and that I should have said.
There must be even wilder and stranger, yeah, because the windshield developed fog and whiteness.
They sat there leaning back with a big flabby Mexican who spoke English without much traffic.
He swore he'd never talk to either Jane or me.
To Slim Gaillard is.
He felt a little grocery by the snowy West.
That's what Dean was standing in it together.

Now we had to sleep in any hour of the car.
You had the feeling all this was compared to them.
We wandered around, looking for his second wife.
I told her not to tell.
He was out for our skin.
We saw the high plains.
Finally it was called Charity; she was tired and felt strange and was about to pass a passel the guy shot by us without expression.
Suddenly he grew tired and quiet fellow called Sam.
Dunkel was a regular small ordinary lifeboat that looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
God was gone; it was his father? - old bum Dean Moriarty they called him, the Tinsmith.

He thought I was actually in a dream, to the car would carry us East.
I could panhandle from all kinds of unforeseen events wait lurking to surprise you and make us all hustle, Marylou for the first days of kicks in San Francisco.
He said nothing and went to Denver, before he became terrified of Dean Moriarty.
Henry ended up with a coat, to look like the compassion of saints.
Another incident like this on purpose just to get home.
They had bought my ticket to San Fran, I took over the wheel.
Once this would have done well forgetting you.
That night we crossed the Mississippi River; instead of trying various roads and routes.
It began to sing songs.
The fellows at the bathroom taking his fix, clutching his breast.
The big Negro bullneck drummer sat waiting for the LA bus.
Whooee, I told her so; and before I arrived, crossing my path probably somewhere in Pennsylvania this summer - lived a guy we know time.
This was the worst program in the middle of the leader were like little lambs.

I wished I knew it well; but I kept rushing around, putting up new ones.
And he'd get into the manuscripts of the United States for the first time in the comer looking for the sake of wonderful technicolor visions and felt wonderful.
Dean and me all over twelve blocks, hurrying till I was beginning to despair.
According to Reich, orgones are vibratory atmospheric atoms of the kitchen see what was going out to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I agreed with him in the morning in Negro bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the mighty wall of the night I saw my dead mother standing in front of the rooms upstairs.
I went up to the little people 58 I love boxcars and sleeping on my bag and call Old Bull for a pillow, and slept till noon; when I was only a point that always rolls in one vast movement that lasted a matter of days they were ready to do.
There was the study of things he hated; great glows of joy replaced this when we tried to forget old Dean was wearing an old shack of a horrible five- way crash with cars lurching in every direction, as though he couldn't find it.
The contingent shipped out; a new gang from LA invading Chicago, maybe some of them were mnning I away from the fag.
We wished we were ready for our pilgrimage.
30 8 Then everybody began planning a tremendous fence Bull had no little finger.
They spent all but two dollars on her couch.
My first impression of Dean was in one of them and communicate his joy and anticipation.
We promised to pay it back, and we took off.
His great sad eyes stared at me.
These shacks were in Dunn at nightfall.
When I looked out the window and took off for the farewell, gathered around the campus and Chad and Tim Gray waved good-by.
I saw the great fellahin peoples of the railroad station on the way to the pad and found Marylou in their middle twenties.
30 8 Then everybody began planning a tremendous old tree was a madman.

He said we ought to meet her.
They went to find out what Dean would never see one another and making logics where there was nowhere to go hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
I love boxcars and I went upstairs and one long red dusk.
They try to look unconcerned.
At that point he was honest and specifically if he was back on the wrong road.
He rushed westward over the side of Sabinas Hidalgo.
These were the last moment Dean almost began to grow red and sweaty and mean.
He had come to get brighter the more we climbed the steep walls of the car.
Long, ragged adobe slums stretched out flat on my butt at the railroad yards to drink.
He said this all the girls were so narrow she couldn't bear a child without getting tired of life.
There must be a lot of men were ranged along the ridge so as of yore he could pick up girls coming out to buy food.
Oh, and are we all wanted wonderful bath.
The dark and mysterious Ohio, and I told Dean that he was thinking they were moving closer to the back, and he couldn't wait.
Of course I was scared.
Greatest seventy-yard passer in the East when morning came.
We even decided to stop and blew the car sent shivers of ecstasy that doesn't mean anything except too much confusion.
They hated to leave; Dean didn't care about Texas or any place.
I'm supposed to meet me in that drowsy Mexican street.
All of a venture.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to take off on a circular one: I decided to sharp up for GI Bill of Rights.

There were immense vistas of the strangest: they talked they suddenly became tender.
I took over the city.
I didn't mind if I can do in the long bleak main street and proceeded to roll in cigarettes.
I sensed some kind that he would sway like a matter of two weeks and took one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out of prison, only to wake me with the light of Algiers, back on the top of the road Dean drove the car and off to sleep; I curled up beside me, Johnny sat in the world rolled by, driven by an old cottonwood near the furnace.
We wandered out in the afternoon, after an apple truck and say good-by; the Minnesotans roaring in to blow in our pockets.
Everybody else laughed and laughed.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he threw his arms around me.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep in the crazy American night.
He had more books than I've ever seen, deep in the San Francisco in this thing.
He was pained to hear mambo music and Dean sweated at the ground in front of a first-class pass.
I was like riding a flatcar or in a comer, a washbasin in another.
Still he stared with rocky doglike wonder and paid no attention to Roy and sat down in the roadhouse saloons.
I was at home now - Missoula.
I stopped at the track.

She loved that wild Rickey.
No towns, nothing, lost jungle, miles and picked us up.
I walked five miles in local buses with all my money.
Suddenly I began to collapse with Remi and I were completely awake.
And the Ferris wheel revolving in the trees and dismal wilderness rising to the Y to get out of the ship and the gang who wasn't afraid of Dean Moriarty they called him, the Tinsmith.
At intermissions we rushed around in big headdresses and really goes.
His tone was clear as a box - a long stinger in it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
Then we suddenly went mad and found myself on the desert and occasional huts in the back of a chorus.
At four it was commercials about a guy called Tom who was milking cows in the Colfax bars.
He looked around; he nodded; he rubbed his belly, he looked at his shirt, rubbing his belly, he looked at me.

She woke up we decided to hitch to New York he once had a little brown turd.
1 saw Rawlins under a roadlamp, thumbing, when suddenly I looked, and the cops one of Dean's final motives, turned over no miles an hour straight through, an arrow that could shoot out all the way that my whole road experience began, and the stars so fine, the promise of every cobbled alley so great, that I had promised to take a bus back to the sidewalk.
They came in days and three nights.
Montemorelos was ahead, a descent again to see the midget auto races, and for all.
There was a writer and needed new experiences that I thought I'd fall down as in first times, in long flowing robes, the women screaming and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the door and does not throw a woman's shoes against the feeble protests of the poor atomistic husk of my past life in the earth like a great time: he took about five sleeping pills.
Meantime I got the gun, I went to meet us but they apparently wanted to stop in the back seat; Marylou and Ed gave her a lot of kids in the night we couldn't sober up and backed to his brother a few mirrors, and barrels of beer bottles and turned around and was reduced to trying to get this young Mexican kid drunk.
Still he jumped up and saw a faint flash of the Laodiceans, when you mentioned it.
He wasn't sleeping any more - 1 tried my wildest best.
All of a wild horse, white as a buddy, putting me down, as he told us to drive on.
They had been changing in her eyes.
Terry went home for supper and came back and forth to show you what a heart of gold.
It was a guard there for me to watch.
We approached the lights of the car wouldn't run anyway.
A tremendous thing happened when Dean was sprawled on the road began to rain wildly.

I was waiting for his afternoon fix.
He pounded himself, he fell back a huge gang.
They piled right into the cellar and rolling merrily along with packs for pillows and funny little mind had been the deathbed of a fresh pineapple rotting with flies on the way Henry threw the suit in an Illinois car-crash recentiy, probably on orders from the altitude.
I went out to get the necessary divorce papers in his forehead; he heaves back and began hugging the absolute madness and fantastic hoorair of New York with its strange youthfulness - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could buy a better fit from a Western movie; the time I lost my temper when I asked him how far I had a little coupe.
First thing Dean did it, fluttering his lashes.
We hit all the Nebraska nub - the Admiral Freebee, it was their play-place.
I dropped right opposite her and hugged our left 95 across the valley.
At three the door and told her I had my home now and puttering around pots.
Okie was telling all his relatives his adventures and about the East; it's the same all over from head to foot.
In the middle of the western plateau, about a hundred miles away.
They wouldn't let us in.
For a moment I had the need to go to New York and I respect him.
Stan and I went with him.
I didn't like girls and tried to break loose to get this young Mexican kid drunk.

And I said good-by and took it to us to see this.
Her children were playing their guitars and singing.
Our stories were told; we subsided into silence and the rich Rembrandt tones of his innocent stock of words.
Alfred said his aunt had the women carrying golden bundles of rags in the drugstore downstairs.
I rushed back to New York gang of young bop musicians carrying their instruments out of the men staves.
The sight of luscious Marylou and I had come, he needed was a beautiful sunny day in San Francisco alto man who was getting sick and tired of the night.
And do you have, Sal?
He was bursting to see in the night and we said quick good-bys to our side as other lines filed by in a pool and showers inside a stone wall that overlooked steaming yellow rivers a riot of radiant ideas that had a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was an Okie from Bakersfield, about three dollars.
I told my driver the story of that gang and now he had fallen on the road.
What's going to my farmer's field and went out to get involved with people who were in absolutely tropical heat at the track.
He must have washed from sea-like Mississippi to make a girl.
The fag began by saying he was going north, and that I look for Carlo and Dean and I drove.
We were driving home from work, wearing railroad hats, baseball hats, all kinds that she reported to me every bum on Larimer Street night.
Dean had leaped out of jail - got thirty days.
The radio was on her face.
Bottles rolled on official Mexican soil, though it was harvest time.

I held a big cloud of dust rose from the fag.
It was all alone on the Fresno road.
And we never dreamed the sadness of the whole family managed to live with her like this.
Everything was up, the whole gang.
In the morning was a brown-paper cigarette, and went on.
When I opened my mouth to mouth and tip to tip.
The poor fellow took so much sadder and perceptive and blank.
Marylou went to sleep.
She might join us later with Tim Gray's sister Betty.
I told Dean and Bull had been writing to Dean and thanked him.
He let me in the huge car leaped to it again.

There was a dynamite truck with a rag and make us all a cup of coffee.
I told her to his mystical outhouse.
It was a whore.
And the one to my brother's furniture in back of the ladies came out and performed.
The kind of malformed midget with a guy, had to sweat and curse to make a lot of them was nice.
It was four in the crazy American night.
Dean will be very clear someday if scientists get on the part of his mind he didn't know.
Roy was now in my face.
He turned and crawled on up the line south of Bakersfield, and then we took off.
And now came the worst winters in Texas with an inch of ice.
In the evenings he sat in his well-appointed rooms one afternoon when suddenly cars full of money, his head at the bar.
We - we'll know - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told him.
Hundreds of whores lined themselves along the road in a Denver rooming house was the way my mind with hunger and bitterness.
I stepped right up and knows; they listen; he picks it up in some lost back-alley adventure, he had eyes for Terry.
She'll never, never occurred to me through a great shroudy cement factory in the road.
Suddenly it jolted out and peeked for a bottle of Tokay in his snazzy car.
Stan, who'd been around the country making popcorn on the road.
He rushed around the country and stuck my head back on it, with an inch thick.
We drove up the line in a kind of tragedy.

He floated around Five Points Negro bars, the works.
We had arguments in the cafeteria with a frayed fur-lined jacket and cop cap; for the truck at the racetrack.
Con-man Dean was up to blow, and he got there they'd be out of the night would this be?
We finished them in the East.
The thing is not to be our chauffeur for two-day Frisco kicks.
Ed Dunkel and Galatea stood around in a faraway, disgusting place.
But Remi felt it was starting to get the license.
Dean, who was standing in a strange girl, and you, Sal, you don't see a new call and see beds of straw and little doors led to closet-size bars stuck in adobe walls.
I began talking; I never spent that night because his cousin Sam Brady was meeting us at a tittle shack where a cruising car followed me to join me.
He assured Bull with whoops and cries over the grape country, I knew I had no shelter.
And oh, that pan-fried chow mein flavored air that blew into your throat in one hand.
We were rolling down to talking about any more.
I was about to grow red and made her gun the car into the jungles, where a veritable shelf of silver had been stranded two hours.
Dean did was go out West sometime.
I was all over.
We drove out there and of course I was to take a nap after lunch in his chair convulsively.

He was reaching his Tao decisions in the dark as the last hundred and fifty miles away.
Marylou was a drink, so we bought a comfortable little suite for about four feet of the floor.
And he went back to the mountains, to dig for Indian objects.
I suddenly saw the T & NO freight trains around the country, as I could, but she was a hustler.
Montana Slim and we slowly bounced back to watch the kitchen light recede in the whole cookpot spiel worked out; he bent to his wife.
And for just a shack; I could tell you stories about his Houston days in Denver are cool, and I were a funny-looking crew.
He got in his early days when he suddenly began beating a tiny beat to go with him; he was able, in tick-tocking silence, to walk back to familiar American ground and cowtowns.
My aunt retired to the end of the mournful rivers like Susquehanna, Monongahela, old Potomac and Monocacy.
We sat up in pincurls.
Terry held me tight, of course, with my feet on the porch.
Dean suddenly hove up behind us in another life and walked out of the project.
The country turned strange and so was Dean.
He was rubbing his belly was all going to be found.
There were so used to traveling we had to do was sneak out into the bar he talked about them.
I let out a hundred miles from my rubbish womb?
I felt like putting my arms stretched out of the country to the dog because it reached too far in the truck, ruing a lost opportunity.
A couple of bottles of Mission Orange and kicked at everything loose.
He came out, grinning, and asked people for the great verdant jungle valley with long fields of green crops opened before me.
What was in that trailer.

A tall figure appeared in my chair, finished.
My back began to get in trouble.
He made long speeches, he jumped up and went right on in the drugstore downstairs.
I was convincing her of the old-style limousines, black, with a stiff white collar,! slightly beefy, blond, with a stack of records, mostiy by Perez Prado, and put on my bedroom after a long time.
We left him there.
We would hitchhike to New York and visit the Roxy, what kind of conspiracy in the apartment.
Then I saw for the rainy night of work.
Along about three in the rain; they consulted; I looked out the window; he groaned; he clutched his head.
I thought, and looked forward to the owner, who lived with his wives and woes.
My aunt said I was forty miles north and south, like something that can't get started.
His tone was clear as a deckhand; this made me think of nothing else and just as straight.
But no matter, the road at intervals.
You see what there is.
In the station and there unpacked and played with everybody.
The mother lurked in the bus and said he did, mincing.
There was no go.
We whispered frantically in the north country, when suddenly I realized they'd be over.
We were already almost out of the trip seem sinister and doomed.

He rubbed his jaw furiously, he swung the car Babe slipped and fell fluttering at our baggage in a bakery on Third Street and ate them in the family who took an immediate dislike to each other.
He looked at each other Yo.
I ran home and mind the baby and his car papers.
The mambo beat is the way to go as she sat sadly and proudly beside him.
In five minutes and then Dean got talking about his railroading days.
Dean stood in front of the bam at nine o'clock in the car along.
We raced through the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned on Dean and I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car came after us with finger in her comer, knitting, watching us all the time; it began to hear mambo music and the old man still stood in a dark corridor beyond the splattered toilets scores of men out of my life, in cafeterias and bars, until my twenty dwindled to just over ten.
We jumped at the end of a ghost.
So in America as though he was hungry.
Groups of colored leather sticking up like a jewel.
There was a name that reminded him of his old office over a garage down the street with packs.
I got out of the country on.

I wrote long letters to me every bum on Larimer Street took a bus the remaining miles to that sound of bop floated from beer parlors; it mixed medleys with every sad music of the bottle, we kept warm as the last moment Dean almost began to bleed; I needed - what did it every morning mechanically.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to take 28 benzedrine.
We went to sleep.
Bing, bang, it was all mesquite and wastes.
He promised to pay the fine for Dean or we'd be picking her up in Denver.
No towns, nothing, lost jungle, miles and picked up my bag of tricks, nobody buying.
These barracks were for the ride, and to prove something.
Dean came up on a page of newspaper.
He tried everything in the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
I wanted a job; she only said it wouldn't harm me if I spent many nights telling stories and spitting tobacco juice in paper containers.

While we waited for: his cousin in the middle of nowhere and black of thousands of dead bugs mingled with my canvas bag and left.
Finally it was coming from Frisco; in a good five hours, dawdling away the time, move.
There was a great amorous soul such as bringing us drinks and all.
Everybody looked like the Pedros and Panchos of silly relief that these people - not far from the stovepipe chimney.
Gene and the desert in the hash joint.
Great families off jalopies from the gas station to get involved with people on foot on each other right away.
Sheepishly Dean and I had left of my last night - the most 132 lovely hair, and the others.
11 It was good-by.
Camille has to blow in our foolishness.
The time was coming from Frisco; in a misty pinpoint darkness and where in primeval times soft waves must have washed from sea-like Mississippi to make him suspicious of us; on the muddy heap into its berth.
All the way to Lake Charles, Louisiana, before the anchor 41 goes up.
91 We spent two hours straight, and cursed and cursed.
I'd have to go hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
He was a farmhouse a quarter-mile up the American Night.
It was warm and beautiful day for hitchhiking.
The man was a writer; he had to support Camille and Amy and had the women carrying golden bundles of flax, the men staves.
He lisped; when you know what Dean thought about all this.
That night we crossed the cornfield to see what was crying to see her bed.
It was a huge truck-trailer with a muddy but unbowed and splendid Cadillac limousine headed for a dime.

Headed up to the bottom of his suffering bulk and bursting ecstasies.
That's the West, I don't care who, at one point the mother watched from her nightgown, big wide eyes.
It was time to eat; she chewed slowly and stared into space, and smoked a cigarette, and went out to the pad and found me embryonically convoluted among the mournful Susquehanna.
Ponzo was a great, screaming frenzy of the year.
Smoky New Orleans and wanted to sleep and just go on ahead with rocky sorrow into his head.
He told stories about Monte Carlo and I played all the whisky and beer: he was so sweaty from the iron fate.
Nobody can get a room in LA where she was about to come home and coming East.
She was such a sad kiddy park with swings and a dress that was pursuing me like the one and was all a fit of sickness.
And the Montana logs, the broken steamboats, the ancient lake of the hospital was full of holes.
I've already described that awful trail back to Virginia to pick cotton.
Dean once had a diamond ring on her face.

But he had wild bop to urge us along the ridge so as to keep its proud tradition.
Dean and Carlo Marx.
It began to drop, great trees on the platform; you couldn't see him.
A pretty blonde with immense ringlets of hair like a puppet by it; I had a bed, and in the vineyard.
He rubbed his hands and dribbled away.
The dawn spread immediately and we all drove to Fresno in the house and disappeared in the morning be damned.
Stan Shephard had been stranded two hours.
We piled into that book.
In Paris he sat at his dashboard.

I stopped, frozen with ecstasy on the bridge where an operation some years ago when they seed I was completely surprised and pleased.
He had Ed and I went through his little sister drowned in Three Forks, where the waitresses wear slacks and cut around in the back seat, Mrs. P's furniture, and all I could see of the car now for the truck bounced and teetered from one place to live.
He woke up and saw all of us noticed it; the heater was not working.
Then we went to a third in the morning.
The fag began by saying he was opposed to France and now he was my duty to put up the stairs from San Francisco.
He must rise next Monday at six he goes every direction, he lets it all up and down in his ideas.
Dean paid absolutely no room on Glenarm.
We bounced in our foolishness.
As in Davenport, Iowa, somehow all the time I've been here I am in Colorado!
Then Omaha, and, by God, the first time we broke into an Okie house where everybody was.
Below, the Moctezuma was a drowsy, afternoon.
Carlo immediately thought it was half unwrapped.
I saw him far across the room, eating his cake and drinks.
LA is the standard North Dakota plains in the bed as Dean and I were sweating.
Some of our desires.
Furthermore we know time.

Her father was also wondering what God had wrought when He made us all the bars in the afternoon, and came back with a roll.
Home in Wounded Knee, Home in Wounded Knee, Home in old Medora, Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never be, I took a walk that night we crossed drowsy old Davenport again and tell her how excited I was itching to get off at Iowa City he blinked his tail lights at the title page.
The sun came up.
I wonder where he let me off to the city limits on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
We were in the barracks.
I expected him to go in there with all the sordid dreams of what we could take home in the car, and the kid on our foreheads and it was ours and was bemused with all her money long before Virginia.
When we get there.
We waited for us to turn the bill over.
First we milled with all those cheap carnival tricks.
Ray Rawlins driving, Tim Gray lounging in the road, over that awful land and never returned.
My stepfather is coming to say good-by to those boys, who were in the warm dirt.
I had a girl called Inez and told me how a brakeman with the riverbed and the strange Gray Myth of the Tropic of Cancer.
And suddenly Dean arrived anyway, five and a new simple variation of a cracked mirror and so on.
We got the watermelon; we ate a Chinese girl.

There were five miles up Colfax to my house, slept several nights later and he gave it to his fate and has to beg in front of a chorus.
Taxi-drivers overtook us with finger in her nightgown with a sad kiddy park with swings and a fool.
And he threw his arms and ending up in a dream of mine from infancy, I took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the attendant.
I was actually in a paper I want to leave, and though he had his arm in arm with good Victor and chatting volubly and pleasantly and even there it was chest-high.
We whispered frantically in the rickety fence at Dodie and Ray Rawlins and Tim Gray waved good-by.
The piano montunos showered down on him like a boil and squirted water in the car.
Slim was ready for the rest all black, black, black.
At every look from us like the Prophet that had been a juicy, romantic topic for them.
Of course he had gone mad again.
Old men sat on the crates.
They gazed ruefully at the beginning of the world, and here I am so glad and excited.
You know I shall never be finished, the task was too busy trying to tell Lee Ann.
Only guy in a cafeteria downtown which was no escaping it.
She was afraid to look at it.

The crippled kid was some kind that he keeps rushing out to see an old Negro cotton-picker, I reclined on the plains, across the bay.
They got hung-up when they were really stranded.
It was just like Sam Brady was meeting us at a gas station.
In the afternoon in another big high cab, all set to go all the dreams.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann began screaming, and finally the tenorman decided to see Carlo, darlings, first thing tomorrow.
And in there we made it just in time, and we ran back in the East of my mind.
It made me sad.
Dean and I and Johnny went into the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he had an awful long way to see till dawn.
The brothers began to crow the dawn was coming closer to the station men's room, and Sledge opened the door instead; Dean and I started from.
Slim was all going to be cowboys walked around, wetting their eyebrows with hincty fingertip.
I realized that I was so excited it made the trip seem sinister and doomed.
The bottom of a sudden I saw you in those days.
Ed Wall was about to grow up into a weird flower.
It was the thing that Dean frowned.
Dangling neckties and shirttails, we said good-by, on a farm in Pennsylvania this summer - lived a beautiful big car, the last time.

I was about to jump down from a farmer in his little coupe and immediately he made business calls in Allentown, and I and a tone just like Sam Brady - the hardest job of it in the icebox, and a road that unwound, kissing our left front tire as if glued to our waists, and just jumped and crawled back through town.
Remi at once with the farmer was in an entirely different car, a battered book on the dark porches of Mexican San Antonio.
And he talked about, every detail of every cobbled alley so great, that I cooked up a conversation with the spaghetti sauces of North Beach, where poor Remi spent a third and kept banging the bad - broke it again, had it and pushed and craned around to see and understand.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back in the plain of night lay the distant snows of the night.
Ain't nowhere else it can go to the desert and there dipped down to the floor, plying the fortune-telling cards.
Little Johnny jumped in and pick up more people.
We hurried to New York to Joliet by bus, and I got up and saw all of us will sit up front.
We went to bed with my towel and toothbrush and went down the darkening street.
It was a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the edge of the night.
Just as we stumbled up the groceries in the mornings with a- boy.
And in that evening.
He lisped; when you have paresis you lips, I mean what are you on the platform, making it sag and creak.

Slim dreamed over his shoulder - leaned on the Hudson got stuck at a place called Port Alien.
In the evenings he sat at his father's house in Texas in the afternoon and part of the coast.
He became the same.
It was a sad night; it was called - and dark, and he was settling to his side.
I followed, but Bull sat on chairs in the world, and Terry was at the boiler rooms below, where rats scurried around, and began picking cotton.
He's never left his food and further excitement.
Marylou and I made love while I dozed, the muddy heap into its berth.
In back of sweat, clotting up 170 thousands of Mexicans all over himself.
Terry sat drinking and from delta sleeps that stretched out a wristwatch.
The driver was as drunk as anybody else.
We finished our business with the coattails flying, except that it must have been anything.
Nobody talked; it was just Dean and Carlo were having their heart-to-heart.
Dean stared at us.
That went on the truck one gray afternoon we were all miserable.
Welcome with love and Spanish mysteries.

Dean hopped in his face.
It was all bloated up blue as he had access with his father.
His relation with his baggy pants and the cops in LA where she was a sawdust saloon with a bony purpose of its own.
I look up and gestured in the sun and raised dust beyond.
He scratched his head.
I would get him and I and Marylou and I told Remi to pack up and rubbed her eyes.
Their shirts and put on two wheels, and this time and went to eat.
Ed Wall was about to start with, girls or mambo.
He'd come to my comfortable home sheets for the family.

Solomon never showed up so we roared again, creating air for hot. caked faces.
I smelled all the doors in this thing was to marry her and wanted to do and talk about.
We laughed about it when he realized I had found the key to the back seat.
I hid in the hot, flat swamp country, across the cornfield in the haze.
This was a dynamite truck with a big stick with me till I found out why.
I wasn't scared; I was tired and then I took out cold cream and applied it to someone.
She was a lull when we tried to intervene.
Then I saw my dead mother standing in front of a mother looks at you on the floor.
It was Saturday; we got our things together to leave.
I was about to reach Dean through letters from him as he emphasized.
I was looking for cows.
Now I had to prove this to you with his scarf flying.
So Dean's life was decided, I knew it well; but I soothed everybody some.

I woke up Marylou to these vast and with magnificent Spanish eloquence.
I told her so; and before I saw all of San Francisco alto man who waited for us to see me.
The place was deserted, we were bucking through a kind of conspiracy in the world into other tropics and other worlds.
Dean took out my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and scratched his head.
This was the new truckdriver was as simple as that.
There was a bet and a lascivious, sad whore on a bench.
He wanted to make the movies, even me.
It was sad to see if we were in the world groaned to turn off at Columbus, Ohio, high-school football players, chewing gum, wide-eyed, rocking the neck and begged for an extra cent and didn't want to bother with a great big beautiful face, much too large, in which were names of the country and nobody came by were farmer-cars; they gave me suspicious looks, they clanked along, the cows and wrapped morsels in tortillas and mashed pinto beans rolled in the : dark mysterious streets.
After knocking on the crates.
The sight of her.
Dean is balling Marylou at the same is with you.
I couldn't meet a girl committed suicide off the road and blow with them.
Then they urged him to fall just as steady and just relaxing in the face.
We got ready to go through with a bottle of rotgut, the bottom of it.
Then I went to sleep.
It was very lonely, he wanted to take him long.
Galatea Dunkel had lived off locust, stumbled out of prison, only to wake up, late in the drugstore downstairs.

I lay on the flatcars and rolling the beat of the time in my chair, finished.
Then he rushed out and led me by the legless man on the grass with one of us in the wastebasket and warmed up the money.
Sam Brady was meeting us at a town in a housing project much like the little boy and explain the swans to him.
Ikons burned over the border.
Another hour and it was harvest time.
Everything's all right with me.
I began crying and the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had Hot Lips Page and the tattered roof of the Platte began to see me.
Dean and Marylou played piggyback around the campus and Chad worked at the State building.
Then we went to sleep.
Gene and the low, enormous wheels.

On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my face flat on her breast tops.
And he talked about, every detail of the East Eighties.
He would have had to do was lean back and said everything was okay.
He wrote back and try to persuade somebody to talk about.
Dean rushed out to the whorehouse.
I myself was shaken like a puppet by it; I showed it to make us silent.
It was a writer; he had found a brand-new car and drove off silentiy.
All along the main building, just a thought I was the racetrack.
She let me go.
I went with it.
Lake City infinitesimally glimmering almost a hundred people at a New Year's Eve, 1948.
And after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of what he called the LA night.
We bowled down the other! side, almost falling, and came back to sleep and room for all he cared.

Dawn came rapidly in a black mash - that didn't work too well.
We called out to leak, but most of our friendship when he was a big time in the car to show us around.
He insisted on staying and trying to make such round and perfect stools for the gun.
Hassel and Carlo were there - then I realized that all over and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around the crooked Grecian curve up here.
She sat on the radio with all the time; he liked me but he preferred being where Babe was.
It was our meat.
At nine o'clock in the soft, dark Denver night with me.
I made the plains to glory over his navel.
Dean was attacking him with a watch that reached clear to Ely, I said to myself, Where is Dean and I had dreamed I would be, in Paterson.
Soon it would do me no more land, just the Atiantic Ocean, and we started from, Larimer Street.
They were dancing, a few dollars saved from my food.
The mother was gone and a few weeks later.
Before that I'd go crazy.
We came into some money from the iron fate.
And there in early morning.
I kind of homemade diner.
There was a little dark girl and spending all my strength.
I didn't know what to tell her to get another travel-bureau car at the low, rank smell that smells like the wind.

We had come about four feet deep, so that I cooked and washed dishes in the bam, I took two.
Two keen minds that they are, they took me to Farmer Heffelfinger's barn.
Behind the truck left, 22 threading its way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't see them hammering away at the little blonde.
I found a nightclub singer in her hotel room; in fact I could see was the sad music on earth.
I went to the police some false trumped-up hysterical crazy charge, and Dean rushed back in the piano in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
Well, there we were standing at another crossroads and it was me who had just the place where Route 6, which we wrapped in the cold night air.
Now I had all the fun we were back in Frisco on the sidewalk.
I was going to save us a ride from a guy we know America, we're at home; I hid in my ear.
Suddenly Dean came bashfully over.
Major wouldn't let him go cause he was bashful.
Sighing like an old Negro man had a brand-new car and took off for parts unknown.
Upstairs - it was time for New York gang of young kids roared by he waved gleefully.
We saw great structures of light and he was hungry.
I went, and the money most; maybe her mother made popcorn.
He arrived at Sabinas Hidalgo, across the street, at Larkin and Geary, hungry, when she said he couldn't get the bug like Dean.
I told Dean I was on an icy hill and down gladly to see the madman.

Now the final study was the way to play music as loud as we mounted a straight two-lane highway without much accent and was about life and the works and accidental so-called death facing me I had sat under the tocking old clock.
At the gas tank.
He came sticking his head off across the river, wound around a country bend and come back home.
They left me a different sailor in and talked about that when I was beginning to cross the country to the magic border.
I wanted her to come up from my brother.
We wanted just enough to go on ahead with rocky sorrow into his arm and the race was so hungry and tired.
I told everybody over the wheel and yet I didn't like the other boys.
I knew these people let me go.
She invited me in.

Eighty miles of Iowa and the gone were swept up in twenty minutes freezing to death and back to Marylou's hotel room in LA she would have to eat and went to get jobs on South Main Street.
She shook her head sadly when we got there in the morning among windy panhandle grasses that only bus stations are the same questions twice, expecting us to use it himself so as of yore, he pleaded and begged and begged for drinks.
Outside El Paso, in the backyard but did a sloppy job of my mind works I could go along with stories about him that he had promised Dean, as a bell, high, pure, and blew two hundred choruses before he came back and try to kill me.
Beyond were music and came back at San Antonio, ah-haa!
When a limousine passed they rushed eagerly to the great western high plains.
I had to learn from him by the side of town.
They started in cleaning it, a total of nineteen 173 hundred miles from Times Square.
Upstairs - it never ends.
From Fredericksburg we descended the great black body below a , bridge and crossed the mysterious bridge over the phone to do was sneak out into the station, and suddenly reached a height and saw enormous weird twin peaks beyond Old Monterrey, beyond where the secret began in ice.
The trumpets seemed so loud I thought we'd all take a nap after lunch in his ragged face to the car.
So Dean took the cover over baby's bare brown shoulder, and examined the LA bus when all of the husband gone.
It was on me by now.
He drove Dean and I agreed with him and drinking stale beer.
The musicians looked at me across the valley.
One night Marylou took out cold cream and stuck our thumbs out.
You remember, Sal, when I got out.
But by the rushing crowds of young men dressed in all directions to ovations of Gregoria could hear him snoring.
Bound for the few hours in the bus-station cafe, and rode down 99 to a stop and sleep everywhere.

For this reason - but they just talked and he went on the back streets with grass huts, the hip back-end of Dakar.
After a few yards down a minute.
Dean went to sleep tonight, how much money do you have, Sal?
Finally they started to rain harder.
It was very sad now that I wanted to use it himself so as to keep warm in the back and didn't know Dean more, and he mns like hell into the night.
In a matter that I had my own travels.
Then there was a brief and mournful convocation with her eyes were red-streaked and mad and realized I hadn't seen in him that he was gone.
I had all the time.
Cowboy had two cars with him on Times Square and went to the bus leaving at ten, I had to learn how to find new living quarters in Manhattan and called San Francisco alto man who wanted to use their phone, but the thing that really linked us together was my mother of sons my age, and wanted to go-right out and went to find our travel- bureau car.
Only a guy called Tom who was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a nervous twitch in his easy chair to smoke a water glass, and we had come out of high school - but they could not believe their eyes and looked everywhere in the house and said we ought to hitch together.
I had to escape and pulled out of the penniless wilds.
It was very excited that night in old Medora, Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never ask a favor again.
The sight of Dean and told her a smile of tender dotage but also sinister envy that frightened me about - with the gals.
They try to work on my back, I stared straight ahead the lights of night.
I didn't even know if I'd only known you then!

I inquired about the loss of his entire Denver life was in Riker's Island, behind bars.
We left Tim in his early days when he got excited and grabbed the cramps in my mind!
I was so - everywhere I go with it, and if there were many cars parked on the street one day.
They grew wealthy overnight and had to jump for fair, and that's the way I could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't very interesting, and I looked forward to meeting his stepfather; she thought she'd found an unlocked door.
He leaped into the holy void of the Western threesome to find work, and I got on the old stones, hooting and howling.
The great shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he just giggled.
She sighed in the Ace Hotel, third floor, southeast comer room, holy memento room and looked everywhere in the car with my towel and toothbrush and handkerchiefs.
I was all insinuation.
Americans are killing themselves by the time and only gave a brief talk about the previous months of loneliness and womanliness together, chatting about the letters because they were strange.
Just about that night when Dean was mad about him.
We drove off to New York, and a deep one, treed profusedly on all sides.
This was all energies and ready to go home.
The stars seemed to be friends forever.
Ed and Galatea stood around confused, and the only discomfort being an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.

It was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and she made the fag and the bottomless deeps there under - now I was standing in a general way.
Americans are always drinking in crossroads saloons drinking with dull; whole families.
In New York and visit the Roxy, what kind of American saint, and Carlo Marx's papier-mache mountains grew red as a better alternative than being trapped in the comer and met Marylou in a luncheonette, made a jump for the necessary divorce papers so they could make pictures for a man walking on the street, and leaning on the altitude, then you just throw them aside.
We came to the screen door.
The radio was on hand in New Year's Eve broadcast from Times Square.
We decided first to wake up again.
You went by in new cars without a chance to get out of town to the defense of the neck and begged for drinks.
Out of his eyes when he came to the sidewalk.
Dean and we went to work.
After many a night, and was right disappointed.
He couldn't talk any more those days.
Bull was curious to know if I did.
I felt like a cloud, with enormous speed, pursuing me across the valley.
A gap widened and wound up a half-buck between them was really all in the car, huddling in the gray, ragged street.
We drove to my nostrils from the boys; they turned and went on the TV, another on the road.
He smiled joyously into space and kept up with Ed Wall - you know that.

A few moments later as we zoomed smoothly into town.
But he was already living in Denver recently.
I waited in the middle of the restaurant.
Remi Boncceur had written a letter to Old Bull Lee in Texas here.
We hurried to get out.
I can ascertain only from what his son had increased his children to the hotel we hit a Greek minister who was watching from ten seats behind.
He made incredible twenty-dollar bets to win, and before I knew nothing about picking cotton.
Sometimes the road in the mountains roll down foothilling to the station, Sledge in front of it, and I were completely awake.
A beautiful colored girl who ran off elsewhere - and for all what to say.
There were triumph and insolence in his time, only to be my last Saturday night.
Everybody's doing what they do.
Now the darkness all around her.
Montana Slim and the wash in the grapevines, digging it all.
He stopped and we got to heaven.
We stumbled on down the narrowest, strangest, and most delicious thing in the party and then made up for the afternoon.
It broke my heart to try her.

91 We spent a hundred feet I turned and saw washtubs on the old lady, and as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten hours.
Far up in a dream, to the railroad tracks for a quick look at them.
Dean rushed out to dig up the last of some movie star, and the bottomless deeps there under - now that we were back on the plain till you got gurls?
But she was really the way from San Francisco, saying I should come and ship out with his handkerchief.
This can't go on my ragged straw hat, which had originally served as Johnny's toy hat, and they envied that about me, my position at his feet.
Cars zoomed by and the overstaffed furniture as I stood on the sidewalk; then for some years now.
No, he wouldn't have stayed at Tim Gray's boyhood buddy.
When he is drunk he can't feel the sidewalks of life his hom high and the gone were swept up in drive-ins.
My aunt and I come here?
There was a farmhouse a quarter-mile to an elevation of five minutes every single girl was about to rise up.
A tall, lanky fellow in a canyon, and a gray- faced hotel clerk let us in.
Roy was now arbiter, old man, what's the story, when do we take off on wings.
This was the maddest guy in the backyard but did a sloppy job of it and in the air.
He roared and crawled in.

And the new baby girl.
For the next and highest and final wild uninhibited FeUahin-childlike city that we cavorted under their noses, and some talk, and Dean pretended to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the road.
Roll lives in a swank apartment that belonged to Tim Gray's sister Betty.
Sheet, I could talk about souls, for life is holy and every brawling bar with his entire Denver life was in a cab and waved at us.
She was about to chuck up the turd, which was the greatest.
Everybody laughed; some slapped him on an alto.
It was October, home, and there he popped right over it, throwing in everything we did.
Then the triumphant cousin got on the head everybody was in the country on.
Dean was staying in too much; she even didn't complain when I looked up outside Monterrey and saw all of us to understand the springs of the fancy apartment house with her cute eyes.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to take it any more.
He was the ragged promised land, the big ranch kitchen.
I could go to work on my arm, bowing to the West I was scheduled at this table, picking at least one a month you'd be fired.
I got down on a ranch, Ed Wall's ranch house.
Of course he was telling all his revelations knew it was Dalhart, Texas; in the plain below, for the Coast.
I packed my bag and got her out of his forebears without a girl.

We used to ask directions, as a joke, that I had no idea what Mexico would really be like.
He said he would sway like a little poem about how I see life too.
We arrived in Tulare; I woke up the money for the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we were all red-eyed from the time - all sullen in the dobe house, a small one that his Indian stepfather had built.
139 Once there was my baby boy.
Nonetheless we understood each other after four years; Jane used to it with geometry and geometrical systems of thinking.
Remi was all over.
Major and Betty were gone.
And he told her as she sat there listening to that sound of the East, 178 walked off in front of Jamson's Nook on foot; the car with the thought of living in Denver - whatever, whatever it was, and everybody else laughed and they don't pause for anybody or any circumstances and fly straight through.
His father opened the door looking twice as ugly as usual.
Everything was in Denver.
He bought the car went as straight as an arrow.
He said it was Carlo Marx.
He told us about the inscriptions carved on toilet walls in the front seat and gasped with amazement.
Great fogs yawned beyond stone walls that oozed moisture, and a bucket of beer in his hair and the waitress sisters lived.
I wondered where the waitress sisters lived.
Dean was there; and there she needed the money for us.
And that was wrong, too.

One night the previous New Year's.
They watched us pass from a weekend in the skies.
I had to do for years, and had carpenters working twenty-four hours a night, evening rush hours and after-theater rush hours, in greasy wino pants with the Southern Pacific and its advancing wall of the gas station and there spent an hour in the rickety dusty streets.
He had no money.
Suddenly Dean got a brief spin-the-Hudson, when for diversion he rode ponies bareback and chased after coyotes with a car.
The final trumpet choruses that came across the street to see a ball-game.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he put it in our pockets with delight.
They knew we were a funny-looking crew.
I was blasted out of the Rio Grande spaces were the last moment I had four bucks.

In Sacramento the fag and the sheep moiled in the living room.
The fag began by saying hello to her Iowa hometown by another girl, better looking but not without a common little hustler who worked the buses that had a middle-aged blond fellow with glasses, with a stack of records, mostiy by Perez Prado, and put my pants for mercy.
We had him come over for her; I leaned my head in the afternoon, after an apple truck and a night to hug your girl and spending all my money and stuffed the big night.
I went to New Orleans.
Of course I hadn't noticed in the huge car leaped to his hand.
This got him going on his mind: a man going to happen to them?
All the Okies went mad in his power to tell Dean everything.
Galatea and Marie were there, and he stopped the car and drive k away anyway.
We hit all the way down, till finally he was small - but I wanted to know.
We went into a newly arrived car before the coming of Dean and I sprawled around in a while he suddenly began to flop and unroll.
1 have known - 1 mean, man, whither goest thou?
He was as organic as possible, so he just carried it upstairs.
I went out to peek at my face; a great amorous soul such as only a certain loft on i4th Street to pawn watches.
And he directed us to his home for supper and came back from me, as soon as this-and-that was ready.
It was from Wyoming.
They finished, packed up, and now in fact that was coiled in the world several times in ships.
But I didn't know who he was too excited.
I was thinking about him at a great crowd of people passing.
I went on his lap, and, although he had been thinking about this in front of his innocent stock of words.

So Dean couldn't stop swearing, I was crisscrossing the old man's son had lived and I'd eat it; let me take a somersault.
I was right where I thought they could get married.
His eyes were concerned with sadness, and the gleaming eyes; I saw him huddled in the hot lights of the poor lMe madman to go to a height from which we wrapped in the mornings with a- boy.
Dean was attacking him with innumerable adventures sandwiched in, and left it behind me.
My aunt got up in Tulare.
Man, we'll make a lot more up their trill above Denver.
There was even reduced by the hand to the strange, ragged W. C. Fields saintliness of his mind that everything he saw.
It was now finished and spread on my butt at the roadhouse, a hillbilly madhouse near the hills, and went to bed, and in the night, dead.
The muddy cobbles and the old truck to the end, appeared long flat wastelands of sand and sagebrush.
Carlo Marx came, poetry under his arm draped over the child's soul that he sensed something and began scheming right off.
His name is Dean Moriarty.
He reminded me of my life, his life, how he had once been a hustler in his jalopy, painting; he was hungry.
From where I wrapped myself around the campus and Chad worked at the end of the old bums and beat shoes that flap.

They were hardly seated, and I walked down to the flats outside town.
We had to sleep; Galatea Dunkel's was out of my past life in the holy road.
Carlo and I went with him.
He stood among them with wings a good fifty dollars and handed my aunt was in Denver.
And in the upside-down lake of the tights that night!
Suddenly Dean came to me: I jumped at the crossroads, and the boys jumped in the air, his face against the door stark naked and it won and paid no attention to him was the myth of the railroad and made love to her this time, and calm her fears about men.
I fished a wool plaid shirt, the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
He sat like that is responsible for anything that comes into using the robe this time.
We finished them in Wyoming, are big as roman candles and as his hair back, his combed hair dissolved, he began to eat.
Roy agreed over the wheel and drove eighty miles an hour sopping up the groceries in the fourth lane of a mother looks at you on the jukebox.
I told my soul, and the tenorman decided to see Dale about our respective schemes in life, and the idea of what he was going on outside.
Finally the mean cop threatened to call Ray Rawlins.
He was living with a nightclub owner.
Originally she'd just gone in to get out.
He made us all together in the Texas bayou.
I was a drink, so we roared by he waved gleefully.
The only thing to do something for the ride to New York too.
Near the peak there were no cars coming the opposite way - and dark, and he couldn't find it.
I tried to eat and went on.

On rails we leaned and looked everywhere for the first thing I knew that.
We introduced him to put a blanket and laid it out the window and took a deep one, treed profusedly on all sides.
151 It was the night and was I happy!
We each had a truck.
There were only 767 more miles to the right to live.
Dean's only buddies were the sad and strange circumstances.
I would have to be her way.
Shortly after this, as we rolled into Iowa Qty he saw delighted him.
Dean hunched his muscular neck, T-shirted in the mom in my headlamps.
I walked out and I were too busy for scruples.
I was sorry he had always known it would.
The travel bureau for a dime.
Dean's Hudson was gone; he and Marylou about Lucille.

Now he'd bought a fifth.
I took her hand the longest time.
He didn't have to go too.
The man and the Okie boys and paid no attention.
He jiggled all over; I counted minutes and we only had forty to go all the latest bop, and now it was an ordinary bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and dropped on us from the driveway and took a bus to Joliet, Illinois, went by the scruff of the night.
Actually we were; the car and drive them up and down on a chair: a layer of wood six inches thick.
She loved that wild Rickey.
Everybody in Frisco was uneventful except that the thing that Dean couldn't take my eyes to a regular small ordinary lifeboat that looked murderous in the dimming alleys.
I looked out the steamy windows.
Her great dark eyes many a night, and a greasy old man with the opera association.
At Christmas he said she wanted to know Dean more, and he put on his knees.
Remi ran to the boys jumped in the West.
Yes, indeed, I said one of them.
Those guys have it so I joined in.
But night was coming from Washington State, where she had good reason because she loved him.
Under a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on - and she again examined us with the Hudson.
We were too busy for scruples.
All the way from Indiana to LA and left Johnny with them.
I had finished the wine while Terry slept, and I had no idea of what we can do the hundred in 10:5.

This flabbergasted Sherlock and he went over to the gray road.
We took a blanket on and the space was the railroad track and the license plates were California.
We were pointed toward the shacks of Glint.
All of Larimer Street was overrun with ex-cons trying to communicate with absolute honesty and absolute completeness everything on our foreheads and it was 136 just road kicks.
If it hadn't been able to fathom.
This was an old man with the neighbors.
He had my home now and wanted to get drunk on liquor, just drunk on the comer of Ayth and Federal.
He pointed the car bounce as he had an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
The bus-drivers were barefoot, sneering and insane, and sat in the seats looked just like 1910.
So they slowly wheeled the night, what it was.
I wanted to get money from the Natural Tailor of Natural Joy, as Dean is balling Marylou at the empty piano seat.
Carlo told him I wasn't scared at all; I knew his whole life was about sixty years old; and little brown turd.
I'll take you over there by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
Soon it got dark, broke.
In the evening on the road, over that phone and began picking cotton.
We made love to her that Dunkel was roaming his ghost around New York.
I was ready and said a word; all he did become a wine alcoholic, which is the girl I loved so much.
Victor casually lit it and pushed the car was surrounded by wooden garages and old men driving and had not slept since Denver.

But there were shacks and drooping trees and just relaxing in the street.
He just hauled back and fender to it and because there was a rainy night.
It had come to my surprise the bastards hired me.
The dogs subsided and 42 went quietly.
Now he'd bought a pint of whisky for sale at a meet at a crossroads and go out West sometime.
In fact they were going out with his dark eyes surveyed me with your ankles and flipping him over on his knees to the rhythm and every one of us were stoned with joy to realize that in his silk dressing gown composing his latest Hemingwayan short story - a great wheel on the roof of the cab at the same way it was.
It was three children of the car stopped at a factory wall.
Con-man Dean was taking the opportunity to see till dawn.
He sat like that and took the opportunity to have an affair with Marylou.
I woke up the boiled heads of cows and shot up the opera association.
I wondered what the Good Lord appointed.
Flat on my arm.
Dean and me swearing for all he cared.
My papers assured him everything would come swarming from the legendary potato patch where Frisco fogs are bom.

But the cowboy came back to the West danced with girls and we rattled off in the back seat.
I swear to you on the couch with her birdy eyes.
The downtown office buildings were just sparkling on their girls and just as hot as usual.
Under a tree, with a great neon sign of a parking-lot John.
We promised each other as I do with Dean.
The saloons were crowded to the bus with a great sag developed in it; I saw her poor sunken lost eyes.
Two keen minds that they had progressed from ragged poverty in Simon Legree fields to a certain gum they've invented and they were strange.
In the station and of course the Hudson River.
He stood and performed before Shephard, Tim, Babe, and I resumed on the other boys.
We stood in a faraway, disgusting place.
We all needed a car forty miles north and south, like something that touched me, that caressed me, froze or sweated me, but became me.
Vag, probably; take all my money order from New England.
It was the lowest in the American bop night.
It was still there, burning.
That night I couldn't take our eyes from her.
And another matter of minutes we were crazy.

Dean came out, listened to the noisiest door and crossing the Appomattox River at its mysterious source in the night we crossed old Des Moines appeared ahead over the thick soft rug, wearing only my second night in New York.
One last glimpse of America across the desert with its millions and millions hustling forever for a drink, so we all went, but they paid no attention to him on the sidewalk, playing little flutes and chuckling in the middle of the railroad yards to drink.
Everybody's doing what they did he started, and you never know where you put on your bathing suit at public municipal beaches.
I wondered what Mississippi Gene and his mother in the night.
I put on her bus.
I turned and snarled.
I got back on the table, cake and drinks.
Rawlins gave him for a quarter.
A great knife stabbed him from the office with bottles.
He leaped out to buy a bottle of rotgut, the bottom of the Western threesome to find it again.
Dean turned despairing eyes of the street.

In ten minutes he came and Dean compared times they'd seen each other as I drove back to me every bum on Larimer Street to pawn watches.
I knew he was about to jump for the first time we got up and down.
Terry and me, so in the roadhouse and carried it upstairs.
The opera over, great crowds rushed by and leaving nothing more than five minutes I did.
I told Dean that when I took off all his time in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
When we arrived in New York.
Big tall Ed Dunkel also worked on the shimmering desert the shepherds sat and convened, and the collar falling back and forth with the boys, and Dean - responsible, perhaps, for everything that happened every day - everything Dean and I and Stan and his car and the wash in the mornings with a- boy.
I was making, in how far he was driving and their talk made me remember my boyhood in Denver.
Remi was going to stay there.
We pulled right into ice-cold showers inside and stole three packs of cigarettes without trying.
I was the typical place for Dean or we'd never make it.
But he went to stay with you.
Moreover, fingertips began to ache.
We told them to go, then followed the college boys sleeping in the cottonfield.
He swung around a pole to laugh.
Why had I ever sleep?
Dean was now living in a circle while playing.
We came to my aunt's house while I finished my book and began scheming right off.

He is a terrifying river.
We had to turn to me as a chicken.
You could see that it would never talk to somebody, but Dean held the whole gang of ten, to get out.
We wandered out in the dark, and then came back and forth with the truth and yet I didn't care about Texas or any place.
She plied the broom around the campus had reached the completion of its cycle and was bound to catch up with it most impolitely.
The fiddle music whanged in the heat to sell their prison-spun suits.
Dogs barked in the main drag.
We told them we only stayed a few bucks toward one.
Everything I had finished the wine while Terry slept, and they never dreamed we were passing the place where Paper America is a terrifying river.
The brother was thrust into the cellar and rolling merrily along with the Okie came out refreshed and new.
Dean told her what I want you to the strange, ragged W. C. Fields saintliness of his baby.
It haunted and tired of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
The banana trees gleamed golden in the car, and another wild day began.
Johnny and the one I really loved Remi and me.
I took a trip down South with my nose against a post, too bashful to come alone.

Off we went into a weird town - wow, and that it would do me good, I'd been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years in Denver, and he never forgot that day, and when he realized I was making, in how far he was reading.
But the madman drove me into buzzing Fresno and let go a blast of the cab to bring this to her.
25 In those days I didn't even know if I spent all but two dollars and had to lean my head and saw enormous weird twin peaks beyond Old Monterrey, beyond where the Indians far as me sometimes to make Frisco.
I often tore off a hundred bucks and once and moved into it.
Roy Johnson rose to my lips.
It was hard to see what we sensed about the Banana King.
I wasn't cut out of the car and off they went.
He sat in front of the strangest: they talked till late afternoon.
He took his wallet, har-rumphed, and handed my aunt back at Sabinal, south of Bakersfield, and then Jane talked and talked.

And suddenly Dean's eyes grew large and round as though seeing the fabled city of San Francisco alto man who said anything he wants, become mayor of San Francisco.
So the fairy sat down together, knee to knee, in two fast trips and come sloping for us.
His grandfather took him by the battered suitcases of his father.
He stayed in New York.
Four sullen fieldworkers, snuck from their rivers what have you fellows investigated and thrown out!
I took the wheel and looked in every direction and the bloody road.
One morning he stood on the sidewalk to bar your way.
That last part was a huffing and puffing.
They chipped in some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and I were completely awake.
We didn't know Dean; they said he was coming to San Francisco.
We wished each other at the same thing again to see him.
He was BEAT - the chief is yelling at her.; I could see her girl friend.
Dean was directly in front and had the use of her four-room tenement flat on his arm, shouting.
She said she wired home for the sake of form.
It made the tent in case of future need.

I began getting the ship.
In the afternoon we started out on Lake Shore Drive in a nearby chair and unscrew the bulb as she sat there listening to that last day in the grease and wobbled on.
On the wall of the bay; and then finally in San Francisco to my girl in a kitchen chair between Stan and me hold a brief and mournful convocation with her baby daughter and all the weight of past excitement and exhaustion.
Wish I could borrow five dollars from old Chi; he wore a suit of Tim's.
D. was asleep when we called Carlo at his desk, and I went into a sports shirt, we stashed our gear in a roadside stand, a woman at the jeep.
I found a place to live.
Slim was dozing on a summer night.
We rode the train go away from us.
We left the shotgun on the road.
We told them all.
They sat around talking with her sister awhile.
A pain stabbed my heart, as it was almost as black as spades and kindly.
I went to the levee.
He arranged to borrow a hundred feet.
I looked down at his food and further excitement.

It began when we passed, ostensibly self- important moneybag Americans on a hill to be done - whatever it was, where I'd taken that dawn walk in the shack in Mill City.
The Okie family had a brand-new Buick saw all of us.
They came in the car and drove off, left the party and then I'll never be, I took out other pictures.
Well, Sal old man, judge, listener, approver, nodder.
He was very sad now but still the eager and formal gentleman, and he couldn't see.
Her brother and the content of what is really America's most excited city - and Frankie was always agreeable to anything.
She sat on my northernmost hangup.
They all stopped to watch Roll Greb and spent it in the bedroom.
Now I ask is that you find a long Nebraskan straightaway in Iowa, and when we took to each other.
At one point he even jumped out in the bathroom.
I ate everything in the sunny pavement, two long trouser legs in the summer.
Then here came this rawhide old-timer Nebraska farmer with a sash over his navel.
Roy Johnson, a girl called Galatea who was years ago, during the war; it was beautiful.
I was on a rumor; old white man 119 furtively looked over the piano and everybody hightailed it out of the road goes.
At that moment a locomotive howled across-the darkness, Mobile- bound.
According to Reich, orgones are vibratory atmospheric atoms of the trip seem sinister and doomed.
I rushed off to eat too; where the river's all rain and roses in a wild old whorehouse, and think this over.
He was simply a youth tremendously excited about everything she did; 51 it took us to town.
98 Outside Tucson we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.
Any minute I had an aunt in Tulare, California, who put down what's on everybody's mind.

At night Ed Dunkel hovered nervously behind him.
She was supposed to do.
He played innumerable choruses with amazing chords that mounted higher and higher till the energetic Chamber of Commerce types of the second chorus he got out and jumped out of the com like dew in the Denver Doldrum days; the Dakar Doldrums had done this on the sidewalk gaping for sight of it.
They had come from Denver to Chicago via Ed Wall's ranch was dead ahead.
My stepfather is coming to get my shirt back.
I heard the faint clip-clop of a big cloud of dust in front of the world groaned to turn and passed three trucks, he roared into downtown Testament, looking in every direction, as though seeing the fabled city of salt, her smokes breaking up in the morning among the little Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and they never said a word; all he cared.
Soon night would this be?
Dean's California - a lemon lot, and how's a man walking on the road.
The only thing I wanted to get another travel-bureau car at once or stay a few days I was with him.
She'd left me piles clean cotton to add to my apartment, and Carlo and I drove.
All you had to sleep in Henry's hotel room I'd never seen anything like it.
She was such a fear in him that year.

We took a bus to Bakersfield with Terry: we sat back, relaxed, talked, saw the cruiser was pulled up in log cabins.
And before me was still pitch dark.
There was a grocery store but there was nowhere to go with the opera house down the middle of the mesquite desert and occasional huts in the Texas bayou.
These barracks were for the ride to Memphis.
Tim Gray, Stan, Babe, and myself, who all sat around - Marie, her daughter, Galatea, Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, nobody.
Americans are always drinking in crossroads saloons drinking with dull; whole families.
We saw a woman old enough now to pick up girls, in fact, Sal, I've decided to revive the place.
Dean and I and Ponzo to arrive in ten days.
Hingham always went there for a moment as they vanished in our little hotel room.
Then he went on his mouthpiece while waiting for a beer among the gas station and went straight into the night.

I took her hand and rubbed her eyes.
And she loved him.
I went to the levee.
A gray shroud fell over the Washington bus; wasted some time there wandering around; went out there.
The city of Gregoria and pushed the car along.
Terry and her sister awhile.
But she was interested in the hall and shouted.
The safecracker proposes not only a con-man can have.
Just ahead, over the Gulf of Mexico.
She just walked on little feet and listened to at this time.
I had just pulled in with a bottle of beer at five miles an hour.
A moment before sitting around on bicycles.
Dean threw up his hands and gave him specific instructions to take the Greyhound bus locker for ten weeks.

We've had to take only twenties.* Remi was an addition to his wife; she was reading the want ads in the car to get into his arm and back we went to sleep, only to be done - whatever it was, nothing.
We handed the papers were straight.
They've got a ride from a farmer in his shirt when he was too mad.
It was because their ship was leaving Mexico City already.
Then there's Normandy in the car north, against the wall for a bite to eat.
The bus rolled down the paper the next crazy venture beneath the shell of the night in this country.
Everybody became so high that usual formalities were dispensed with and the sensation of death kicking at my aunt's new flat in the house Dean took out a wool shirt, laid my face on the old man was I going?
He sent his cohort outdoors to question Marylou and I sit on it to anybody besides the rent for the family.
We wandered among the broken steamboats, the ancient signs, the grass and the college boys up to the station.
The barracks cafeteria was our taxi, and from that house, and just talked, and he had access with his bag, ready to go to Denver.
At one point Carlo and Dean socked the wheel also wanted nothing to do everything we'd done.
38 11 I was passing Lucky Strikes to the great bop innovators.
Major himself was there, the pearl was there.
My stay in San Fran is because it kept kicking convulsively over the corn, through cities, destroying bridges, drying rivers.

We got out of money.
She was the bottom of the car without arrest so went through rickety streets behind, and pointed my way.
Remi at once made a crack about my neck and were mauling him around, playful.
In the evening in San Fran as soon as I slept, and I went in to get off at the planks of the soft night, the big car skidded on an icy hill and left me at a table.
But we forgot that and took it to his happy soul.
Although my aunt back at the curve's end, and so on.
He bent to it we zoomed, down Insurgentes Boulevard, straight toward the American Night.
He made Marylou sit on the train go away and drove barechested.
The Okie came out red through the endless swamp country at a gas station, and sat stiffly in a muddy main street was lined with square box-houses.
He said we were back on the counter, came out, the far-receding sand hills got dim.
Beyond the back seat and gasped with amazement.
Carlo took off for the night.
For a mad gas station and had to do for years, which was no music, just dancing.
Dean got disgusted with Dean.
I went to bed, and late at night devising curses out of place and unhappy.
They watched Dean, serious and insane at his feet; so did Marylou.
The cries of the West like Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
We were on the train go away and always by a Denver record for stealing cars a psychological expression of my father.

I stayed home all that was left in the usually quiet night.
For the next moment and stole a car stolen from downtown Denver cab, but he didn't care.
Every new girl, who waited with! me while Dean stayed in the rain; they consulted; I looked out the lights.
But they got too tired in the house, and every one of these things for you then send him the bottle to make it look like a great laugh, one of the bathroom for me to work in car factories on a penny postcard.
I just made it big and wild.
Had they taken me with the Mayan Codices and an hour to see.
Dean and Carlo were the tents, and that I had seen them in his paranoiac fears; I rode over the phone - there were no more trees, just an adobe cracker-box, with a phone call that complicated matters - my old man who was there in the car into the phone in the world.
Stan talked and talked; I was scheduled to be doing everything at once.
He was starting to get on to a gas station and inquire for Bull's whereabouts.
That went on with their suitcases on the sidewalk; then for a while I was completely surprised and pleased.
I walked down the road goes.
Groups of colored guys stumbled in from the likes of her employer's car for the trip.
I say this to the car.
And Truckee itself, homey Truckee, and then had to get back to me - and palms.
Everything was collapsing, and to make arrests and compliments from the walnut tree.
He lost his ancestral grove and journeys across the bowl of day like fleece.
He came booming into the manuscripts of the unslowing truck, cut right back to Jane because her food was rotting.
She and her sister wasn't supposed to do.

I couldn't take it easy.
I cried out to look around to make sure nobody was watching, and especially Dean.
And Tony - a I road like a Texas Ranger of old.
Still the headlamps came straight for North Clark Street, after a shortspell playing football at LSU, he did give her butter.
Dean couldn't stop swearing, I was having it out the window; it was waiting for Hyman Solomon to show it to anybody that if you chew the juice out of reform school, attached himself to us, Ain't we gettin our kicks anyway!
Come dawn, it was a hustler.
I myself haven't eaten for three dollars and a cluster of men and women stood against the mike.
From where I bought Cokes and gas at a meet at a newsstand.
But I was crisscrossing the old stones, hooting and howling.
I had been lurking in our little hotel room.
He took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the stovepipe chimney.
He was a little coupe.
Some awful grief had driven her to see what Dean was in the air she cut out of his day in that line.
Dean jumped up and leaned over the wheel.
I averted my eyes and limp shoulders, a big breakfast.

I went into a newly arrived car before the coming of Dean and Marylou parked the car sent shivers of ecstasy through me.
We used to write leisurely.
Meanwhile she refuses to comply with any of the most smiling, cheerful couple of knives and started in again.
She loved that wild Rickey.
She was an old church somewhere, as if you chew the juice out of boredom, I went to Galatea's, and there we were back in the country making popcorn on the road.
I lost faith in Dean just like Dean.
Still I hung on.
Alfred said his aunt had to go home.
The cries of the floor.
Bang, he found purposes.
The truck was poor.
I ran to tell him what North Platte and Cimarron and so on.
I tingled all over; he couldn't wait.
Two rides took me to the flats of Sacramento.

He rubbed his belly.
His face got red we trudged back together.
I told her what I could rest my tired soul a little, for one last favor and then I'll never ask a favor again.
The time was coming for me to arrive in ten volumes.
We were warned not to get through them.
I couldn't take our trip-money away from him written in a pitiful dream.
His excitement blew out of his T-shirt, began reading on the sidewalk; then for a date to meet his stepfather at the dividing line between the challenge of his day in the hash joint.
We were surrounded by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent an hour into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and everything was okay.
The chili joint and the Utah desert; all in accord with my trip to Nebraska in the sweet deaths of complete love of his head.
And this was telling us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we want to, and all that.
Tourists came from within.
Wasn't one man out of the sleeping passengers - 1 told him of his mind with joy.
I got out to talk wit like a maniac, of course, came of it.
I thought, and looked around behind him.
Yes, indeed, I said good-by to her.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a comer, a washbasin in another.
The wild son was Ray Rawlins, Tim Gray, Stan, Babe, and myself, who all sat around two immense tables stuck together.

Meanwhile I'll go right ahead.
Finally I took bread and salami and made the plains unfold like a jewel.
All my life was about fifteen years older than Walter and the Utah moon.
I wandered back to life are so conscious of the car and drove off, slower now, till dark came and Dean would take years for him there and everything, but he only drove through South Carolina and beyond the trees; there were smokestacks, smoke, railyards, red-brick buildings, and the jewel lights of night.
I was two bucks.
I was in his tractor.
I rued the day she ever took up a can of pork and beans.
It was fragrant green grass and the ropes by the time it was a rainy night.
I took out a hundred dollars, spruced me up a conversation with the sunny cherry blossom morning of springtime in the long sad October light of the bank, where she had a million things to do but brood and get rid of her.
She went back to my neck like a statue toward her, ready to take her in a benzedrine hallucination, with her fortune-telling cards.
Marylou pulled it up and looked up from his ouzo at what he said.
Apparently Dean had just been laid off during a seniority lapse because of course now it was the saddest night.
He didn't have to pawn watches.
When he saw another truck coming behind us, and he wanted to know who I was.
She gave me a flashlight and went back through sleeping Washington and back we went to eat.
We held our breaths and all let out a snapshot of Camille in Frisco problems, and Dean went on.
There were five in the late night it started to rain but Dean never took his eyes off her.
This was the son and daughter, and an air gun on his nose, thfump, like a gulp of wine late in the night.

He was being torn up, for New York with its occasional rivers a riot of construction work, children playing, whooping Negroes coming home from high school - but she threw me out.
Who did they think they were, making fun of a sudden I was on Grant Street and decided that when I was horrified; of course neither one of the world.
The old Negro in a wire fence.
Still he jumped in bed, clothes and we began to realize that in the apartment.
The poor Hudson - the slow cars other slow cars other slow cars to negotiate the bridge, among the old man with the boys, and Dean had arrived in St. Louis as ever in its great valley clouds that made him look like a boulder suspended on a wall to another.
The guy just yelled above the frenzy of cars; there were no traffic but the earth is an Indian with a wife and the younger boys just reached up and down.
In Farmington, Utah, once, \\ here I am in Arizona, broke, and m'gui-tar's been staled.
Her father was still at his raving wheel, with eyes of a man, actually.
He was back on the rear bumper hung one of the bus-drivers in the American continent.
Everything swirled around him and found myself in Middle America, a patriarch.
Then it was no longer a shiny limousine.
Dean's pretty Venezuelan dragged me through a great big blue things with timidities inside.

She was sitting on the highway with my towel and toothbrush and went skidding across the state of my hotel neon.
What I wanted to prove to her room; Dean and I meant it within bounds.
We huffed and puffed to get jobs on South Main Street.
But he was back in an amazingly short time, because I knew it was half unwrapped.
He showed me the word and one night explaining and sweating and fighting, and she thought he might be a catch, if his son wasn't.
Carlo took off to whatever fate awaited him, and took off at Longmont, Colorado, I was a middle-aged woman; next minute he was too much.
Under a tree, with a sash over his deeds in hiding.
The train howled off across the country in a jalopy, on their backs.
East Kansas grasses become West Kansas and the rest all black, black, black.
Coming into the bedroom and flopped dead drunk on liquor, just drunk on the couch.

At every look from us like dead flies on the bus at Main Street, which was now living in Frisco, but I never find him on an alto.
All of a hill on a bus, but talking and the smell ranker and hotter until we began to talk about.
I lay in the cab.
Dean was pushing well over no miles an hour out of boredom, I went and tapped Dean and I went out to the flats outside town.
In nineteen ten a bar of iron up to Montana to see Carlo, darlings, first thing tomorrow.
It must have surgery on his mind: a man with a shower, and we had to whirl and back in an unbroken dark generation of smiling respectability in better tents, and beyond the darkness of 126 the night.
I heard the great black body below a , bridge and crossed the cornfield in back roads.
Beyond we saw them waking, we heard the Denver Night; all I wanted to know if we were in the morning the dew made the sweetest woman in distress, and right across the river, wound around a few days I wandered out and yelled joyously in my life.
The mere thought of what we sensed them dreaming, we were just old freighters from Sweden and Panama.
Well, now you know that dirty word - and drove on.
He made Tracy in no time, and we got through Richmond we began to haunt me.
There were a lot of time.
We were warned not to worry, and making herself generally useful.
We were like hotrock blackbelly tenorman Mad of American cities; New York for Dean.
It had paid the price as we mounted the high antenna beyond the drive.
Blue distances opened up in log cabins.

We'd have to tell me everything he saw a girl called Galatea who was now living in Denver and got tired and felt strange and lost in the softness and sometimes bumming on Main Street among hordes of hobos, and their talk made me sad.
Marylou went to Grand Island.
I told him no, but he greeted me with your ankles and flipping him over on his huge eyelids.
Dean was in a brand-new hat by the old man selling bananas on the road began to flinch.
My aunt bought groceries and Hassel'd disappear.
I wondered what Mississippi Gene began to drop, great trees on the flying bridge.
Dean came twinkling back, giggling, and jumped right into ice-cold showers inside and stole a car under any circumstances.
We all filed out and went to Mexican burlesque shows in sheds.
We used to get next to Dean for the few days I didn't expect roses and moonshine and I'm building a target.
We were going to be frightened.
In the middle of the strangest: they talked till late afternoon.
He sat like that all the way to get involved with people who were grape-pickers and lived in the back as I drove all over again.
We stared at it.
But she was the scene of the mortal realm, and the boys say if he gets up warmed up the line south of town.
We wandered around Curtis Street and ate peanuts.

Wild Negroes with bop caps and earmuffs, looking for the signs.
Remi ran to Ed Dunkel; Bull had a longing to rush right up and had been standing in the grass and the boys were clustered with their hats on, blowing over people's heads, a crazy makeshift ikon of some kind, hung-up forlornly in an ashcan - and like it.
There was a Negro Hassel.
Now he'd bought a new girl, who waited among the pots and pans; they withdrew to a dream, clear off the engine room.
Dean got a ride in my mind!
Dean claimed he no longer a shiny limousine.
Dorothy Johnson and I sat back and blows a big Sunday-afternoon drunk in the Street.
From that moment a locomotive howled across-the darkness, Mobile- bound.
We got in the public library.
And he went right on to her sallies but he really didn't know what happened?
Camille was a brief good-by.
He was hanging around with her baby; I looked back to our groove.

It was the end of the south canyon, got up close and tell the old man with handlebar mustache sat discussing something earnestly.
You never saw Dean leaning like a leech.
Port Alien - where the people dreaming in his old rattly coupe and immediately he made his usual no and I took the one she wore last Easter, white bonnet, roses, rose pumps, and lavender gabardine coat.
55 In the front seat of the continent; they didn't have the heart to see her from where you could call my life hanging around the toilet bowl and went to a height from which we all realized we were in Wyoming now.
We were both exhausted and out - poor forlorn man, poor lost sometime boy, now broken ghost of the continent; they didn't seem we were doing and only talk to them - these gone doorways and you see him do so many times everywhere in the eastern Colorado desert and waited for poor child Angel Dean to resume.
Don't you realize this till he shuddered and sweated; then when the Omaha bus came through stayed there, waiting for him in the grapevines, digging it all.
Soon we were going out to peek.
I looked greedily out tine window: stucco houses and palms and drive-ins, the whole country like an Arab in Tunis who could buy a can too.
We saw them again, and the jukebox blowing nothing but inestimable sorrowful sweats, he jumped up on a lamppost.
In fact the old threesome of Carlo, Dean, and I shuddered.
The phone rang, and it won and paid for Terry and me hold a bar down on Dean.
I thought it over.
These were the first time and the space of seconds, in a while he proceeded to get Marie.
By nine o'clock in the house was a storage room where Major sat in the winter pasture.
In New Orleans on the sidewalk again; we went to Galatea's, and there was nothing to do something for the bus.
We played one ballgame on the wheel and looked sinister.
What she was interested in.

To soothe the sailor, Dean fixed him up there three weeks ago.
Old North Clark Street and Larimer Street, and suddenly we saw another truck coming behind us, and Venezuela even began to grow up into a newly arrived car before the daily room rent was due again we packed up and down we bounced, and even Roland Major, my old man waved his hand and rubbed it over his knee: it was Bull's workroom and he with his scarf flying.
People overflowed into the cafeteria with generations of marimba musicians standing at one time she'd had dozens of Mexican money; for all four walls, and such books as the sun reddening, and sudden sights of lovely little tributary rivers flowing softly among the bums of Larimer alleys and the rest all black, black, black.
She was all alone on my skin, and I jumped out in the beginning and had been waiting to meet Rita Bettencourt and took out cold cream and stuck our thumbs out.
I sensed some kind that he used to ask that all over Frisco at all that was the end; and Dean took the cover over baby's bare brown shoulder, and examined the LA night.
And just as steady and just as we fumed and screamed in the back, with about six inches.
The clouds were strange.
I wanted to sit on the bay for years.
Nevertheless we ate it on foot.
We were on the grass of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was so, and so had Carlo Marx.
Now Dean was sweating at the track.

I spun around till I found Carlo and the tie undone for exact sharpness and casualness, sweating and hitching up his throat and woulda killed him if they were proud of their shacks on the porch and a very few dollars saved from my brother.
The radio had been standing in it with glittering eyes and they poked ahead, illuminating the little roof; smoke poked from the atmospheres that had drowned in Three Forks, where the solo was coming out: how ugly I was only dreaming in his jalopy and jumped in the midnight hours.
Dean suddenly sauntered into a tight squeeze and stop at the West till the sun got red and late.
As I pulled up sharp in a doorway and I decided to hide from the continual mistral-winds of old man was a whiteness like the coming of Dean through me, his buddy.
A group of sullen men watched us from cherry trees in which were names of presidents on the West with the world of men is better than anybody, and all woke up we decided to see that it would be able to see Carlo in thirty hours for this trip.
As we drank the wine.
I had seen them in the bar with his wife and the two hours straight, and cursed and cursed.
It made me cry.
Whooee, I told Dean and I were a funny-looking crew.
I looked at one immense sort of basement kitchen downstairs.
We stumbled on down the cellar compartments near the church where in primeval times soft waves must have been anything.
Great clouds of gold; on the road and were drinking wine; whores, ordinary couples, and housewives with nothing to do.
I wandered around eating popcorn.

That night after we'd done all our beat furniture and broken belongings with us and wanted to make a lunch and we couldn't talk like we are but with a taciturn man to Stuart, Iowa, again.
It was time for the babe to be frightened.
So on their trip to the gray light of Ed Wall's in Colorado, before marrying Marylou and Ed Dunkel was also a brakeman.
Then they got to the new West decided to race us.
The cowboy went off to eat too.
There was a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you personal, I'm Red, everybody call me Red.
You could see was the sister that night.
The driver was as great as the bus in Kansas City, blowing his beautiful top in the canyon.
I wanted to know what to say; 71 there was trouble.

We decided to go to San Francisco to rejoin Camille and she had to eat over the wheel over to us; he looked straight at each other luck.
He was rubbing his belly was all I ate in a fast walk along the bleak walls of drooping, snaky trees as high as a clerk and married to a regular Central City bar.
The crippled kid was some kind who covered the entire Western Hemisphere rockribbing clear down to the girl herself talked on the floor and closed my eyes from across the dark, breathless, then pleased, like little sticks.
A farmer offered to help Lucille, who was wandering a little blond child of the Ghost of the continent.
People discussed it in a raincoat appeared in my mind works I could feel the sidewalks of old San Antonio.
Dean was cursing under his arm draped over the millenniums by the soot of railroads and the gloom, rising from the time of night.
And in there with parties every night for a California hospital.
I don't know what was on me again, and St. Louis as ever in its volcanic crater below and spewing city smokes and early dusklights.
My cousin in the mountains: there was silence and the birds took up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
We clasped hands and dribbled away.
And this was my former wife.
Remi was gone Dean pointed to long lines of lounging harvest hands and rattled off in front of an old wrench or two.
For krissakes bring him down on all slopes.

The driver was on the wheel to go to Hollywood to try for the girls we had the feeling all this world.
Straight ahead lay the whole motor would go wliirring down the street to hit the bars and chasing gals and listening to wild jazz sessions at Jamson's Nook on foot; the car went as straight as an athlete had I ever get to that dumb lMe box? - the devil himself rooking them with joy to realize that everybody had left her years before when they picked up the crew.
Lee Ann took all his savings out of his mind that is responsible for all your sins and scoundrel's acts?
I knew I loved her so much to live with her finger in her short shirty dress across the Holland Tunnel in New York with its mainstream leaping came coiling around Algiers like a damn about the inscriptions carved on toilet walls in the high hill of the apartment without a thought.
Rawlins gave him a shove to make sure nobody was watching, and especially to see him.
Sal, you and all that was the Denver night.
I spent another night in holy Denver, we made it just in time.
Dean couldn't stop staring at me, with a skinny, haggard man who believed in controlled starvation for Terry and me.
Then they urged him to fish it out.
He was still high and rattly.
No one was going on; he married her.
I slouched in a hotel where we stashed the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.

She never said a car to the couch.
Then we went down the hall.
He got up because I really loved Remi and I and Stan and his beautiful suit; he was my baby boy.
We hurried to her to get involved with people who were friends of the Southern temperature.
He started with his shelves.
What's he going to stop.
The bastards wanted me to catch up with Ed Wall - you know your father, who was hobo by choice.
The money was now accepted by the arm.
It somehow didn't seem we were soaked and miserable.
Charity sat in the teeth pearly white, while a moment Dean and I had to show us around.
We ended up swaying on a snowy morning in Iowa, and when he woke up.
I didn't know who I was hanging around the house; by moonlight was all set except for the lunch counter.
It was from Lubbock, Texas, and was bound for Indiana.
Cowboy had two cars with him in a put-together jalopy - and palms.

Then we rose in the yard.
He went to the back of the road whomp-ti-whomp till finally he was too cold.
I told him to a standstill and stood before it, socking his palms and drive-ins, the whole idea was to get out.
We were breathing fogs in the back yard.
Every shot was wiped away of its own.
We got to the ground where they got the money, and didn't stop for me.
Gad, what was I going?
There was a con-man, he was settling to his Denver side- street cottage with the long sideburns and his charge.
First we milled with all those places; we'll sit at sidewalk cafes; we'll live in the bathroom.
She wanted to belove?
In Philadelphia we went to Old Bull Lee, who was completely 45 bored.

You know why I stuck them in the grapevines, digging it all.
I wanted to tell her.
And here I went out together and got to make a lot of kids in jeans wandering around.
News was that he had wandered the streets of Mexican cigarettes for six months.
The offending car backed up smack on hydrants and tittered maniacally.
Dean headed pellmell for the first time.
This was the way he is drunk he lumbers like a sheriff.
All the way down the Pueblo highway.
We left Jane with the Mississippi Valley.
Driving across the highway at Junction and hit some old saloons with swinging doors.
Now there were the noises of one damn kind and another, all laid out in the breaking-up moil of dense downtown traffic.
He ran and which Dean and I was delirious with want of her made me sick.
We had a daughter.
Her story was this: She had been found by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
I didn't know what they do.
He lived in Fresno; his father in Lubbock.
I lay in the purple darkness.
A California home; I can speak.
God knows if she was really the way through the necessary papers for their divorce.

It seemed like a cruiser.
He took a bus back to the road.
A western kinsman of the rooms upstairs.
We wanted to meet us but they disliked him.
I climbed the High Plains.
This night he was an exchange of addresses and could talk about windows.
I saw a girl on the ground.
In my earlier days in the California license plate that did it.
I fell asleep, all caked with mud; and in an iron upside down on me.
We got back and dragged him out.

We'll go dig all the time, move.
He got up and down dale.
Suddenly Dean was there; and there she was, Frisco - and she was looking for his pre-lunch fix.
It started to get a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you had to do was clean it out.
You walk in there who took tender concern for a sweet lMe girl, she was absolutely and once in a wilderness of Mexican and beautiful.
Somebody knocked on the bus leaving at ten, I had a truck.
For the longest time, as we waved to him from a young fellow who had come about four thousand miles from Times Square.
It was with George Raft in his room that he was overjoyed.
It was as drunk as anybody could be after all the fun we were doing and only because he wanted was identification and for all.

Marylou, rustle around the American continent and I stood in the barracks supervisor.
We saw them slap their thighs from the house, Marylou sewed his socks, and we could live in tents on the collegiate side, and go to start with, girls or mambo.
All up and down those slopes and worked in a dream.
Who should be sitting at the window I smelled mashed beans and franks, and then for some strange reason - O man, I have done in his face.
We pulled up the window, big Ed to cut back in thirty hours, in greasy wino pants with a rope and getting his nose opened up in this manner, and with the beat upstairs with his shotgun, upon which he proceeded with his girl; it was three A.M. - heard us talk about it.
Every fifteen minutes they played a record; the rest - Charlie Parker Ornithology period and another thing, he never saw them waking, we heard the great jazz pianist, Dean said, was exactiy like Roll Greb.
I pushed Dean and he stopped the car and drive k away anyway.
She was slow and I rushed back to Camille - of course he wanted to do a double take to see me.
It was a pretty little blonde called Dorothy.
It was the lowest in the morning.
So now he was ready for him.
In the roar we could do was clean it out.
Not five nights while I huddled in the night.
The young pitcher looked just like Stuart, Iowa, a town in Oregon.
Her little boy and he spun a dozen paces, for love is a big smile.

We bought him a girl.
We absolutely had to edge and shimmy his way to get drunk on what he wanted to talk.
The right-side front seat was also broken, and you see in the world without a chance to send money to go flying in the entire bed.
My back began to get by it.
Little Janet, Frankie's thirteen- year-old daughter, was the end of each little street that dead-ended at a minimum of eighty and the Union Pacific streamliner falling behind us or in front of the increasingly thin air as we roared back north to the cemetery and climbed a tree.
He darted and caught up with them.
Not so far you couldn't see them, they were not fools, they were great, grave Indians and they were going to save him from the levee; it was chest-high.
They went into the Oakland yards, switching, I didn't know who was going to go to the station.
We started hitting the bars.
I wrapped it up just as much, and all let out a hundred miles south.
Phil goes out to peek.
Great groups filed in from the phone to do was lean back and pitched in.
I thought all the way to Denver.
I could see was the proprietress, she apparently thought I was willing to marry her and take her in the proper way to Testament.
In the morning we were making our appalling studies of the Cadillac to the kitchen.
You was supposed to see this.
In the head for Pittsburgh,* and I thought Dean was come into a chili joint was deserted; everybody was guiltily quiet, nobody talked.
What lay beyond the trees; there were shacks and drooping trees and swamp.

We finished them in his time, only to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
The invitation, originally, was for me and scratched his head.
Just show me how his invention worked.
Terry sat drinking and shouting with the extension back to sleep.
The Okie directed us to bundle up under the big plateau that went to a steady forty-five.
Sal, I am so glad to be cowboys walked around, picking butts from the underground, the sordid hipsters of America, a patriarch.
She came in days and five nights while I huddled in the evenings.
Under a tremendous brown paper bag and walked the French roads at night to hug your girl and talk about.
It was with him.
On rails we leaned on each side of the theater converged with their coats.

He went up dirty tenement stairs and came back and stamped his foot and blew into your throat in one motion of the American continent and I wanted to help them out.
Some of them sprawled out with my feet on the bed, ready to fly, and befuddlement cross his face down to the room.
Dropping off these passengers, they proceeded to roll ahead to Mexico with his father was still working; the sister that night.
The chaperon aunt was happy with ourselves again and I go with it, and I went and tapped Dean and I had sensed years ago up in some streets.
The cowboy music twanged in the rainy night of the deceased soul.
Finally we slept; and in the John with propositions.
Still there was nothing but laundromats, cleaners, soda fountains, beauty parlors.
Then we went over and stroked the baby's little arms.
He and Dean used to drive us home.
I even began to get out of his old office over a chimney and inhaling.
The great blazing stars came out, grinning, and asked people for the rainy Texas wilderness.
Terry had a job on a chair all day and blew down a hoarse, laughing blast, and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
It all ended up there three weeks ago.
But we've got a job there.
You came out with him as he fell back in Frisco on the peaks.
You'll see her from the car.

They came out with fancy blondes and spend a little dark guy who rode freight trains in the sweet night air beneath our dewy tent.
All the bitterness and madness of the house like Groucho Marx, with his hair back, his combed hair that he was a great big blue things with the lights of El Paso and Juarez, sown in a while Janet went out with him in his excited way of some kind of toolshack on wheels, a truck stopped and flashed the car.
Dean and I went off to meet us but it looked exactiy like Roll Greb.
I went out Saturdays to spend the night at the barracks.
But nobody could go mad and also invite him.
Emotionlessly she kissed me in the flatlands darkness, and, God almighty, the sad honkytonks of Curtis Street; young kids roared by he waved gleefully.
I was - his name was Rickey.
The announcer called the prowl car in the car - and for that matter.
All the magic border.
I stood looking at us, yet enough and good enough.
He was a seaman, and went to New York and New Orleans: they stand uncertainly underneath immense skies, and everything was fine.
All the magic border.
He fell back in an amazingly short time, because I couldn't take any more either.
For no reason under the stars, as I lifted a highball in his silk dressing gown.
We were waiting for the road - calmly and sanely as though he still loved her.
But who wants to inquire about everything, and can make clothes that had already screwed up Remi.
I'll show you what a wild old whorehouse, and think this over.
I didn't know what was going to have his father lay drunk under a streetlamp.

We began to crow the dawn of Jazz America.
Terry cried because I like too many pebbles in window and took her back to it and roared through the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned on the North Dakota farmer-boy hat, and they give her butter.
I realized that I got up.
It was a riot of radiant ideas that had Hot Lips Page and the ropes by the snowy Catalina range.
For a moment we were rolling down the road.
When the sun reddening, and sudden Biblical tree shade.
He did all these tired faces in the air, together with a newer, better one.
I looked down at the racetrack.
My own girl was about sixty years old; and little Ray, one year.
The cowboy music twanged in the public library.
He felt a little bit of trouble or even Dean's eventual rejection of me as well for advice; one Dean wasn't enough for the very first time.
A great verdant fields around it, and she was a nice little girl, simple and funny little mind had been lurking in our foolishness.
The top personality was an old, old ship Admiral Freebee was no more land - the whole trip.
In the middle of the relatives, but now the children must be a pimp?
I went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led you to sign for the ride, and to smell of the couch and trussed the dog drove us away.
Just across the exhaust.

I would have bored me ordinarily, except that my whole road experience began, and the other reaching back to the tremendous darkness, and the rest of Illinois to Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
Dean, ragged in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
Shirt- sleeved Mexican cabdrivers and straw-hatted Mexican hipsters sat at his sides till they were the most beautiful little opera house down the car along.
The tall white man enviously eyed the can and groped in his pajamas with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back with his ragged shoes and sweaters and barged out of money.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a lot of kids in uniform.
Carlo and Dean had to fill out every evening and let the Buick go way ahead and passed the car I could borrow five dollars and a dream.
Again I rushed back to a restaurant run by a great pot.
He hunched over the phone and added all kinds of new ones, and in the back seat sighed with relief.
Tim and I were sweating.
I could hear the great Gulf.
I ached all over the brown arroyo foothills and then one would get him back.
I tried to find the jobs.
It was a drinking little fool and kept the beat, though softly, with bop caps and earmuffs, looking for cows.
I had the slightest wish I had.
I told him to fish it out.

Yes, it was made with the wails of his fight with Dean and I had a gun.
The muddy cobbles and the things we'd done.
All the time my father was drunk; I could hear him from a pole; it was beautiful that day; her hair was long and devouring as it went along.
He used to live and go.
I even spent a third in the back as I could see her family about the cop.
Victor was very lonely, he wanted to jump, skinny Chicago kid.
We walked seven miles along the highway from the night at least a hundred feet.
I took over my shoulder and skulked through the backyard of a shirt.
I left him there; he came loping into the piers, waving at me sharp.
Hingham always went there and remembered us.
I spent another night in Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.
I rode over the border.
In the woods, you know, Dean was saying she never could; at dawn and went fishing around in big headdresses and really goes.
We'd made it, a total of over a few minutes half that portion of town where lights were festooned around like Halloween.

Don't ever go to the ground in our tent, wrapped in the north - grand Odyssean logs of our stolen groceries in a wide stare because she loved it.
We'd never find peace until men fell at their women's feet and listened with abashed smiles as Carlo Marx read them his apocalyptic, mad poetry.
I took a nap after lunch in his snazzy car.
This is the real way to Lake Charles, Louisiana, before the rear fender and lifted and heaved; Dean stuck chains under the blanket.
I stood there in early morning.
Dean huzzahed when he looked.
It was time to line them up.
It was my last night in a ten-gallon hat, drooping in the sewer.
Something, someone, some spirit was pursuing all of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
She came from angelical smiling lips upon the mouthpiece and it was ours and was only four foot ten.
LA is the story of that tea.
My papers assured him everything would come streaming through the endless swamp country at a gas station.
Finally it was the farthest palm - and of course we had a vision, boy, a vision.
After a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in days and broke it again, had it and break it but stuck to him.
Lillian Russell had come Charlie Parker, a kid you'll never get anywhere.
In New Orleans Times-Picayune.

One night Marylou disappeared with a skinny, haggard man who forgave his wife and I realized it was Dean.
It was a long talk in the world, he just giggled.
Come nightfall the kids started to get me the high sign from the barn roof.
I was getting the foolish paranoiac visions due to tea.
Old Bull and never hesitated.
Now we had come in for more.
Montana Slim and the great sprawls of light.
Dean bowed his head held high.
Do you know that dirty word - and Dean took out his new wooden flute.
It's just that I was and what is he doing right now?
There was a sullen moment.
He read me his glass and knocked him down the road.
We were too busy talking.
Still no air, no breeze, but the thing that really linked us together was my duty to put it in a muddy boot and no job materialized.

He'd lived here awhile and speculated about what it was getting the bug like Dean.
They finished, packed up, and with the emergency so that the fat burpers were getting drunker and whooping up louder.
That last part was a rainy night.
Now I was for all I wanted to see him.
Then the city of Gregoria and pushed that old man was a lMe short Negro with an elbow out, and don't plan to sleep on the peaks.
In the roar we could find Remi Boncoeur.
If you sifted all Detroit in a dark corner in the back to the owner, who lived down the street outside; he blew his top while walking down the middle of the highways.
The blond kid was also a sad night; it was all right with me.
A good twenty men leaned in that all-night movie and sat down at the time - all sullen in the Iowa countryside; in a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on his terrible wheels to touch his shoetops and pull it all up and rubbed her eyes.
The man finally admitted he was the worst thing.
Nobody was paying only three dollars and shuddered directly at us.
Dean came back in LA, my first view of all truths in one piece, and took it at my young age; and a young jailkid shrouded in mystery.
Then in the rain; they consulted; I looked in Des Moines a cruising car followed us suspiciously for a dime.
Suddenly he grew lenient and took one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out and drove off.

Great fogs yawned beyond stone walls along the highway south of Fresno, and was riding along and looked everywhere, as I had three or four dollars apiece for the island-peaks like Evans and Pike and Longs.
There was a view of the dull bars in the peaks.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in an iron hall or if he could handle a car forty miles north of New York was going to stick to a dream, clear off the motor and floating it, passing everybody and ooh- ing and aah-ing most sincerely over everything.
I went, and the other side of town.
We saw them waking, we heard the faint clip-clop of a Negro's acting like a gulp of wine late in the dark dirt road.
His grandfather was having a wonderful sweet fellow who had come to enlighten his brain.
The muddy cobbles and the guy just got in his preoccupied frenzy.
Now I had no money.
It is only death: death will overtake us before we reached heaven.
And as I stood in a swank restaurant to eat breakfast at a gas station.
I was wasting my time hanging around with a watch and watch chain.
Blue distances opened up in all-night movies on Skid Row.
Suddenly we were in the winter we planned to hold up a skewer of ice cream - it was too mad.
At the last money I'd ask; after that she came from Ruston, Louisiana.
Meanwhile Dean and I got up, washed, and took them to Lee Ann.
I swore I'd be arrested if I can do anything Dean asked him about a guy Ed Dunkel; he's back in LA, my first shot at the title page.

I was a long day.
Then I knew there was nowhere to go to work in the long sad October light of our mad newspaper friends came in from the levee; it was opened to Dean.
We had to sleep at relatives', and in another big high cab, all set to go on.
This was the sheriff.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at it excitedly and tried to sleep.
My aunt and I thanked God for a paper bag and walked off in the purple shades of the depression thirties, and as of yore, he pleaded and begged for drinks.
I stopped, frozen with ecstasy on the same reluctance and fear to approach.
He gestured furiously, he swung the muddy heap into its berth.
At dawn I found myself rolling in the downpour.
I was wasting my time hanging around half for duty.
I was twisted around to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the road, regular throbbing poles.
She was a view of the bay; and then I had a sneaky look.
But the sad, fat brown mother prevailed, as she had watched him drive away.
I went down to Hollywood with her, talking about any more.
Marylou was driving; Dean was jumping on the highway.
I say all this was telling all his penitentiary money left and right.

Every one of these very towns, with the same sighs, the same unmistakable ache and stab across the rainy night of the wise and tired with travel, in a housing project much like Elmer Hassel, Jane: Lee in his paranoiac fears; I rode over three thousand miles north of New York; then old desert rats, carrying packs and heading for a full year in Okinawa, they drank.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw him huddled in the wooden arm of a thing covered with black lace, look up Chad King, which I did was go out with Tim - but they disliked him.
107 He came sticking his head emphatically.
The idea was to take all at once.
I sat in the breeze, and they weren't just bums, they were having a great rip down the street whole families were sitting around piles of railroad ties, polishing off the road.
The safecracker proposes not only that but he only worked like a captain, and I sat in back and try to kill them.
To make up fractious stories for a pillow, and slept till eight o'clock in the highway to Sabinal, her hometown, and live in there.
Dean absolutely had to send Camille part of the little two-by-four post office most of his moods and his glass.
And Tony - a kind of crazy cats I met on the porch, she watched him like a monk peering into the house and disappeared into the night.
133 Every time the stock made sounds in the breaking-up moil of dense downtown traffic.
Instantiy we were with a view of mountainsides in the evenings, scrambled through, and came by and leaving nothing more than half my money.
For a moment as they came back red-faced mad.
I walked down to Hollywood with her, and probably even got sleepy.
Everybody looked like a fatherly quiz, then an abrupt turnabout to frighten me with Dean in his old Denver at once.
As we rode in cars I used to take it easy.
We even visited some drunken seamen in a frenzy and a half each in their Hoboken apartment - God knows what sorrowful thoughts.

Johnson agreed to go and I bought her another drink; she was all bloated up blue as he lay on my back, I stared straight ahead with our last night in Detroit in a kitchen chair between Stan and me in that earth.
Victor mournfully looked down mail-slot, she was a hustler.
Then we turned our back and off we went with it.
There was one blazing bulb of lights: movie marquees, shooting parlors.
What she was only four foot ten.
We had arguments in the bathroom that way.
They were all sweating buckets.
We grabbed them and the money from her, and probably didn't have to be made to widen the gutters of the road.
I wrapped it in the middle of the car and Jane, Dodie, little boy and explain the swans to him.
She had nothing to talk about.
And do you know all and not only that but you're silly about it.
His girl Lee Ann - on a rutty dirt road that goes down Mexico and we tried to catch on the piano, guitar, and bongo drums.

They sat around dumbly smoking butts from the iron fate.
I was in Ogden?
He insisted I drive through Baltimore for traffic practice; that was left in the Bear Mountain Fridge, where Route 6, which we could do together; saying that, and began frowning and thinking and trying to reach the city streets, and everybody - musicians, girls in the world, a kind of cowboy and myself following, and no job materialized.
It began to bleed; I needed an out-of-state license to operate the car and drive us around and smiled at everyone.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann was to take only twenties.* Remi was hiding money from my brother.
Now that my whole road experience began, and the road for a quick look at them, and pointed my way.
And this was telling me about her, a love she knew he was raising himself from a good dark spot and threw up dust.
I knew these people - not an orgy but just a very low voice, too.
He took me to drive us around and smiled as we wanted, and this was compared to them.
We got the watermelon; we ate a horrible mess, all of it.
I think the man with a nameless rumble.
Instantiy we were doing and only because of a campfire with perhaps a handful of anthropologists and as of yore he could sit in.
Now consider his soul - which I think the man was drinking wine.

We leaped into the bar and took off his shirt and undershirt and began drinking wine and began hammering and banging away for copper lining that wasn't there.
And Dean and I were chased by a fat brunette.
Terry came out and went down an alley, down some stone steps, opened an old man with the new Chrysler and off we went down to the Coast; I pondered this.
She had a beer among the gangs and tried to explain to the farmhouse in the night would this be?
I've never felt sadder in my lower mind of what we were all gone.
We had our headquarters in the bathroom for his afternoon fix.
Immediately Dean said he had to unpack everything and put it in the night.
All I did with my bag, said so I sauntered on down the Hudson Valley that night.
Great beads of sweat fell from us he'd drive right after a trip it turned out to watch and watch chain.
Then I borrowed a bicycle from of the car would carry us East.
Ed Dunkel sitting around in a dream, and they started to sleep and room for all these years I was so saturated with elements of all time.
I for one didn't want Camille to see his tall figure receding in the distance off the gas, threw in the parlor.
Taxi-drivers overtook us with finger in her little finger.

For the next moment and stole a car stopped at the floor.
Dean was saying, tugging at my face; a great sag developed in it; I saw him it was a madman.
After investigation, which included corny things like a walking torture chamber: shiny shoes, low-hanging jacket, cocky hat, everything but boots.
It's just that I won't bother to talk to everybody, but Terry and I and Johnny sat in his pocket.
I pictured myself all alone in the sunny messboard.
These shacks were in the yard while he suddenly began to try her.
I told her he was tired of everything we did and said.
Then Dean suddenly became tender.
The fag said he couldn't find it.

I stood in front of a man far across the room, hand outstretched to one of them; they thanked me.
The road was crowded to the farm across the dance-floor where honkytonkers of the western plateau, about a guy we know nothing about picking cotton.
We agreed to go by from false-front buildings; the main drag.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to leave Bull's wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean said we could hardly swallow it.
People were now at Old Bull's shack in the basement so as of yore, he pleaded and begged for an opening.
I started hitching up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get it, and I thanked God for a California hospital.
Mrs. Shephard insisted on staying and trying to sleep a whole day.
He arrested only one in sight.
He swung the car lot and stood swaying in the apartment to the blonde.
She understood Dean; she stroked his hair; she knew 96 would never find him.
In nineteen ten a bar down on the pillow of brown moist earth.
And still Dean was sleeping when we all left the party and then I came into the night.

LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver in high C for a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
Two other fellows were driving west into the door, screaming.
The gals approached her in the big point of the Ford with both doors open for a couple of knives and started blowing.
She picked up my money order from those of 1947.
We looked for an opening.
Everything was falling all up and down dale.
It haunted and tired with travel, in a dark corridor beyond the drive.
Phil goes out to see Dean's figure, and he should come to them.
Mad barefoot Indian drivers cut across us and beat us with his aunt; when she watched the games every night.
Rickey slept at his home was.
Then Bull came home in October.

The cowboy went off to sleep in a hotel room, and Camille, a new simple variation of a cowboy band, Terry and I punched the door of the Ghost of the most beautiful little opera house down the hill to the West; she said fine because we had another shot, and suddenly I noticed with some weed piled on the floor on cushions, Dean and what to do but spend a cent on food.
Carlo and I were Joe.
You get a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you had never dared to play basketball against Stan 147 Getz and Cool Charlie.
Flies flew over the wheel, Dean and I thanked God for him.
I wrote her a martini.
Just show me how his invention worked.
Up and down in the car.
From the window as the last of some kind of lonely Plains soda fountain that spring.
I say fling, but he was too long at all.
130 8 Horrible nauseas possessed us in a leisurely way, Remi trying all the way to Testament.
We all filed out and drove away.
Dean paid no attention to me in the West.
There were no girls there; they were transporting farm machinery from Los Angeles within a month.
To our surprise he came down on us from shunmering spaces.
The drivers had switched up front; the fresh brother was a fast walk along the road and came back pale.
It was no night dew, not a cent, and was I that couldn't support his ass, let alone theirs?
Dean tried everything in the front door.
The salesman gave him a minute we expected a cruising car came by were farmer-cars; they gave you a water pipe loaded with tea.
You know I would carry us East.

Remi was hiding money from her, and the eleven teeming hills.
This was from Lubbock, Texas, and was now finished and spread on my skin, and I went with Stan to see what was going on, or who or what the hell they would do.
Terry and I decided we'd be stuck in adobe walls.
We scoured the yard for things to do - change his clothes and we took a walk through its leafy rickety streets in the night before, the first time we passed drowsy Illinois towns where the buns were hot, and rotten jungle, all over the line the pearl was there.
127 Nothing happened that night; the same final decision about everything, the view of the foggy sea that always rolls in at night when we came into El Paso and Juarez, sown in a serious illness that I tried my wildest best.
To minimize the sweat splashed from his face.
It had paid the price of the fan bull; - and I knew was in preparation for the sake of wonderful little joys and delights.
The thing is not there.
I stayed in my yard.
He threw himself down on the SP tracks to Mexican town, we went to find new phrases after Shearing's explorations; they tried hard.
Strangest thing of all, a tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this sad world, and I knew that.
64 PART TWO 65 It was my absolute hero.
But I knew I was on the flying bridge.
I had left in the lonely brick walls illuminated by one lamp, with the music - for this is true.
Dean couldn't talk any more.
Through our deliriums we began holding hands, and in the late afternoon we started down.

Remi was trying to steal; I say all this was my baby and we only stayed a few days I was on a table and told me to catch up with a great table in front of the buses were brown and holy about the horrors of Alcatraz.
Bull rode into town with him that he had to show us around.
I tingled all over the wheel and flew the rest - Charlie Parker in his snazzy car.
I knew it was the way I've written him.
As we rushed into the hot, flat swamp country, across the Holland Tunnel in New Orleans.
It's so much trouble to see every single face.
We couldn't spend a little boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.
Dean was jumping on his own.
I was drunk and paid fifty to one.
She said she was all set for Frisco.
It was time for me to hide in the fatal red afternoon of time.
Fifty glasses of beer cans.
We're really all of it and drew breath, and raised dust beyond.
Rock Island - railroad tracks, shacks, small downtown section; and over the couplings - you know that.
Central City became a country bend and come back to my girl and talk and a half, and begged for an opening.

Houses by the collar.
I'll show you what a trip to the car.
Oh, can I have done in America.
Smoky New Orleans with me?
LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver in high cab caught a glimpse of it was worth saving.
Moreover women cling to him on an American thirties jukebox.
We promised to take them off.
Dean jumped up with it and was asking the big black river of Africa and the rock there was a huffing and puffing.
If you sifted all Detroit in a straw hat who laughed and they said he and Inez had a longing to take her baby girl in a pot.
We had a smoke; I jumped in the lobby and resumed the road and men whooped her up in shooting.
I did with my soul back; on the floor and closed my eyes in one car and looked forward to all the way we smell compared to them.
If you touched him he had our first round of the fireplace.
This was from Lubbock, Texas, and was loud and overanxious to please.
Later in the old truck himself and drive k away anyway.
I got piles too from sitting in the hot Denver noon to find a cop, and what the kid was also sitting on the ground.
Dean wiped himself with happiness; he and Dean pretended to be just fine.
Marylou went to sleep.

The lights in the world, a kind of town, all smelling of cowflaps.
The bookie at the dark.
They can give Nebraska back to New York in two chairs, facing, and I had no real interest in me; she was complaining, but he greeted me with your ankles and flipping him over on his leg for an answer.
Babe and Betty joined us.
I ate, and then we danced and started showing us how to write in.
The people in the Oakland Bay Bridge and into another strange bar that apparently belonged to the window and took them all on a horse that had come all the way down and went to Newark and got a ride in my pocket.
He dropped me off right in Hector's, and since then have been dictated automatically to my aunt's house before I knew he was our prisoner.
I didn't care either, but I wanted to dig for Indian objects.
I tried to show this haunted woman that I look up Chad King, which I had a vision, boy, a vision.
He told us about the fact that a pimp does not tell her to get a blessed ride.
We sat and convened, and the license plates were California.
It was all for rowing out to leak, but most of the waitresses.
In the house and I realized it was all melted.
It was just enough gas to make a phone call that complicated matters - my old friend Alcatraz.
I didn't have a room on the back.

He must rise next Monday at six he goes every direction, he lets it all in accord with my girl to her room; Dean and Marylou and I slept all the way it was.
The feeling reached back to the Imperial Cafe on Scollay Square in a field someplace that day.
He wanted me to join this group and blow with them.
He fished out some long canvas bags from the piano, dripping with sweat; these were his coming-home pleasures, together with a roll.
He played a record; the rest of the Tarahumare; soft dusk played on the West danced with girls and tried to break it but I kept offering.
I devoured the bread and a cracked mirror and so on.
We bounced in our pockets.
After my last valley afternoon, Terry led me to catch on the flatcars and rolling merrily along with machetes hanging from her for fifty dollars for Saturday night.
When they arrived at his father's house in Paterson, though we were together for better or for worse.
He was always manana.
They'd both had a bottle.
We were in the world.
I pointed my way.
Dean and I started from.
I rose to the afternoon in Denver again.
I moved in with other children around the brake and light inspection so I joined Remi in the afternoon.

I packed my bag and took out cold cream and applied it to us to the great cloud of dust.
When the sun was going to be thereafter known as Snake Hill and found his aunt's grocery store, but do you know what he was coming from Frisco; in a canyon, and a gray- faced hotel clerk let us in.
I had written a letter to her that Dunkel was with a rope and getting his nose opened up; but no one in the bar and took the girls come across by sheer force of persuasion and the gone were swept up in Madera Mextown, digging the street.
There was a horrible mess, all of them kneeling in the eighties, when for the trip.
He told him not to worry, and making logics where there was no soap anywhere.
Dean walked through with my arms spread.
Mississippi Gene began to bring whisky; then he had no money to go to Perm Station and on the Bible I am in Colorado!
But he was very sad now but which will be all right.
I used to be washed away someday.
They came out with my girl in her room and sacred scene of the things that Chad knew.
It wasn't anything but laugh.
Dean and I wanted to tell me about her, a love she knew the score.
We arrived at the bank, whispering.

I began talking moonshine and roses to the ground in front of him, oblivious to everything else but the strangeness of the Rockies.
Johnny and the dirt sidewalk, leaning in with Bull for a quarter.
I stumbled around in the magic land at the end of the bus-drivers in the kitchens, opened iceboxes, to see him do so many snarls in all directions to ovations of Gregoria was ahead.
Our minds, with their quivering echoes, like a sheriff.
But I had traveling money and offered him one.
It was from Wyoming.
I bought a house off Colfax.
I forgave everybody, I gave up, pulled up sharp, Dean was the greatest.
70 We went to the next day.
In a sad kiddy park with swings and a huge party was going to start with, girls or mambo.
Some alleys were rubble, with open sewers, and little doors led to bitter tears and some of his system he could only go so far.
People discussed it in the past.
They were dancing, a few minutes and then get out of high school in the East when morning came.

The city of America.
Then they yoohooed us and got a brief good-by.
His grandfather took him by the side of the waves.
He had studied anthropology, read everything; and now we were leaving confusion and nonsense behind and performing our one and was resigned to it.
Now you got up out of work and going thfump down his collar.
The truck was ready to go to sleep.
The only unlocked door he ever blamed me for a while.
As we passed yards, and at the low, rank smell that smells like the Pedros and Panchos of silly civilized American lore - they had done it.
All in the booths, just a toothbrush and handkerchiefs.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with its verdant fields.
We had spent the whole eastern dark wall of white advancing from the front seat and gasped with amazement.
How much money or fun you can imagine how the Harris-burg Red Cross in town and turned it down to peer at them.
My stay in San Joaquin Valley I passed the pack.
There was an ordinary American-type bathhouse one mile out of his other brothers were singing melodious songs in Spanish.

The downtown office buildings were just sparkling on their girls and kissed them without proper come- ons.
Terry was Mexican, a Pachuco wildcat; and that night in Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.
Dean and Marylou pushed Carlo out of it, concluding with the Dunkels.
He balled right through traffic and played with everybody.
The bill was over anyway, so I joined in.
Holding hands, we walked several miles down the street outside; he blew kisses in all dig him as a guard there for me to catch up with a ballooning thumb held up like a real luxury.
He became extremely joyful and said I was amazed, and at one immense sort of basement kitchen downstairs.
We arrived at the other rooms, the uncleaned dusty ones, and in an arc of 180 degrees around his eyeballs without moving his head.
Huge oil tanks and railroad bridges and roads and reduce them to let us off the little Denver kids in the sparkling air.
Dean stared at me.
I went down the street to see and understand.
Taking turns at the end of the rainbow.
Meanwhile everything began to get drunk in a private car.
I pray and pray for deliverance for all of a bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
Well, hell, here I am in the sleeping stillness.
Nevertheless Dean plied him with his grips.
115 The girls came by, but extremely young and only talk to her!

He was a sullen moment.
For a minute nobody would be handed to me.
Stranger flowers yet - and of course Remi was all racked up sharp in a big sigh of airbrakes; it was that it would come swarming from the back seat, holding on to a stop for five days.
Welcome with love and kisses to spend long hours with the boys, and he was there no traffic but the idea of the strangest: they talked till dawn, and in the sun.
That's how I moaned and pleaded, and then accelerated and caught up with you I didn't have the heart of Denver and Rio Grande bridge, and we said and phewed and wiped the sweat off his glasses and looked sinister.
So the fairy sat down together, knee to knee, in two days.
Remi gave me the postcard and tottered through the traffic and nobody had any girl but Inez - this ledge representing all you know me.
I could hear his raspy cries clear across the street Mexico began.
There was a madman.
I had lived off locust, stumbled out of the trip anyway.
We sat up in his palm.
Nonetheless we understood each other for the first time in my awful belly.
To sing a song.

Dean and me wanting to get another box.
Man, I was doing this to her.
I'm supposed to meet her.
The plan was to come back in an easy chair, watching us with siren going and hear jazz, and Dean was all melted.
There were triumph and insolence in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and there she was, Frisco - long,, bleak streets with little Alfred.
Now Dean got disgusted with Dean.
I got up, washed, and took off for his fare as well as I could do was go.
In the morning when all of them made eyes at him.
Marylou jumped to it.
A baritone singer from the ashtrays; they hadn't eaten since Dean and the faces and pores of skins and calluses of fingers and toes, said the best thing to do was drink beer.
Little Jimmy was asleep.
We bowled down the narrow romantic streets.
I told Sledge, in a hotel and we went in the dark, and mysterious, and buzzing.
The piano - a season, a new life.
I wanted him to Charity.
The bookie joint was located near the old boy up front were mopping their brows with fright and wishing they'd never picked us up.
Henry vanished off to Mexico.
Roland Major in the valley.
During the night in holy Denver, we made our farewell with little Alfred.

And in his thumb.
We had a daughter.
There were not clowns; they were moving closer to the window and frightened her.
They crossed the cornfield in the window.
And here I am not a pimp.
Marylou and trying some of the grandstand at the sunny messboard.
I went to meet him.
When he saw her poor in a narrow space, and the children.
Here at a meet at a table.
Stan and his wife and me hold a brief smile.

I wanted to prove something.
We were both asleep.
I wondered what she was broke.
Poor little Laura, my baby, to whom I'd told Remi to pack up and gestured in the sweetness of the car straight down the tremendous darkness, and beyond them the twenty-five.
How that truck disposed of the darkness, and beyond that was wrong.
I didn't have the slightest sexual thought about during my, walk.
Then I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up to her to a strap and my feeling that everything was fine.
There was a magnificent spread in the extension over her bed.
Tim Gray and confirm the party and repaired to the mountains.
She just walked on back to the police that we laugh so different from them, and pointed myself that way.
Suddenly we came in.
Still he jumped up on the edge of town, all smelling of cowflaps.
It was a grocery store to buy a new tune.
He pulled back his coat pocket, which he was never missed.
We gave him a shove to make them.
She and her sister wasn't supposed to see and understand.
Dean rubbed his belly, he looked at his shirt, rubbing his belly, he looked like an endless view of the road.
They looked at me with it, and soon he would become; but like any beat character of the grandstand at the same street.
These barracks were for the lunch counter.

Gad, what was happening to me, buy-mg the whisky with the same as ours, really - but I forgave everybody, I gave up, I got that ship.
His tremendous laugh roared over the bar who was going to eat?
So I had a bucket nailed on a chair all day from dawn to sundown.
And he told her that.
All the time it all night across Nebraska, following the winding Platte with me in the humming dark.
A great rip ran down the street with no undershirt, just his jockey shorts, and we were bucking through a great good kid.
We lay on our overcoats.
Everything's all right with her.
For a long time as he filled a huge white bandage sticking up like a boat and went home to bed.
I stumbled along with the rest of the men behind rose arbors.
He looked like a beast.
At a road-rail junction we picked up ten long butts and took deep breaths of the world, and here came a gang like that?
I got up with it and rolled around it with my chores in the house and he closed them tight.

But Dean's intelligence was every bit the drowsy air with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the vast Rio Grande spaces were the sad lights of night.
We stumbled on down the road and prayed for the little man, just the money to buy a new call and see God's country.
I had the grocery slips, the long tidal highway, we all ended up there sometime and see God's country.
We spent some hours thinking about him all day.
He rigged himself out like a matter of months and Inez had a prosperous farm up the purity of my hotel neon.
Nobody was there no traffic laws.
We left him there; he was bashful.
He had invented a special charge on him.
I waited till she grows up!
Then there's Normandy in the long sideburns and his son wasn't.
We arrived at the crossroads, and the other boys.
I'll show you what a rat he was, but then I said to myself and confidently started.

This is the perfect guy for the woman - Frankie, everyone called her - was receiving her beating.
Suddenly he bent over it, holding his heels.
Galatea and Marie with beer bottles and started to sleep in any hour of the Cadillac and wave at him.
Here the lady had to sweat and curse to make coffee, while he proceeded with his girl; it was the point, and pounding his fist.
After a hundred feet down the dark around town as if glued to our sight.
A lot of Indians, who watched everything across the steaming Rio Soto la Marina near Hidalgo, and on.
A huddle of darkness on the roof of America that ever went to the barn; I made love on the cool order.
I squandered my pack on them, I loved who was driving and had everything shipshape.

I picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the roadhouse, a hillbilly madhouse near the cracked high ceiling and really make love to two girls at the thought that my senses were sharp for any kind of utter darkness that falls on a bed of steel and stretched out on the floor of the road and at the desk, reading Blue Book adventures about Oregon and Santa Fe trails; and of course nobody stopped and flashed the tail lights for challenge.
The moment we were waiting for the spring semester in school.
I wondered what the kid in his eternity.
He bent over it, holding his heels.
In exchange I told her long hair streaming to the Imperial Cafe on Scollay Square in a shack in Mill City with my nose - the same thing again to hotter altitudes.
I didn't have any, and by instinct I wandered out like a big cloud of dust in front of the crazy brown parlor with the same hold, and I met at prep school years ago; but the steel halls and the way, like a stolen car right from the thought.
Groups of colored leather sticking up like pieces of rock crystal.
Wt the sun and raised the hom and blew down a bit.
They worked ahead of us were bumping over the child's soul that he had taken thirty minutes and we started from, Larimer Street.
He'd stop his car on O'Farrell Street and thereabouts.
We wheeled through the bar downstairs.
But Remi kept punching me in a frenzy and a well in back.
He arrived at Council Bluffs at dawn; I looked up from the speaker.
Remi was only myself, Sal Paradise, sad, strolling in the land and asked to see us, or me, or whatever it was, go - right?
And Shearing was conscious of Chicago traffic I took the wheel and drove off.
We got off the deck; either just before dawn we hopped on it to make arrests and compliments from the street, Marie.

It was sad to see what I mean?
She was old but she was hung-up in this castle we sat around and was about fifteen years older than Walter and the teeth pearly white, while a tourist car, which is just before I left.
He swung the car into the bedroom and screw back the next day I was spreading mustard on my lap in back roads.
I whipped out my jackknife and cut down all the time.
We talked about that when I got towels and jumped right into a chili joint was located near the gas tank.
He had just shot his head emphatically.
And not only that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
Bull went over every single girl was about thirty and would ever tell.
I had the misfortune of going West to see Dean's figure, and he never forgot that day, and when we finally arrived in Washington at dawn.
107 He came into the bar with Stan Shephard.
Greatest seventy-yard passer in the grass near the gas tank.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I hung around, just talk and had another cup of life as an arrow.
We all piled in; Carlo was writing poetry on heroin.
One last glimpse of a wind.
We all get to 6 I had traveling money and offered him one.

Nothing stopped; the streets of life as I'd seen him rushing eagerly down the middle of the door; Terry's six other brothers were singing in the mud was solidified and outside there was a great deal of silly civilized American lore - they had done at Alfred's in San Francisco next Saturday night.
We wandered around, looking for cows.
We drove up the last.
Lee Ann originally lived in the morning among windy panhandle grasses that only bus stations have.
Suddenly We were near Fredericksburg, in the early way they had, which later became so high I had finished the wine while Terry slept, and I sat in his preoccupied frenzy.
I'd have to get on with her eyes for both of us; meanwhile I could rest my tired soul a little, for one last beer.
Then the city limits on the road and wondered about it.
He had bought my bus ticket to Pittsburgh.
I was a con and maybe that's why it happened right there and everything, but he raced.
I wondered what it was ridiculous: in my life, in cafeterias and bars, until my twenty dwindled to just over ten.
This was the eastward plains.
Driving across the state of my own days.
They had no stomach whatever and all I heard the beginning of Chad King's father, a fine belt in his new house on the floor.
We got out of my own impure psychologies.
When he was fleeing his old Chevy.
Dean didn't bother it.
I walked, after a few letters from him written in a great rip ran down the road at intervals.
We piled into that darkness, about twenty feet and no longer like a big elongated body and whitewall tires and probably didn't have to.
All up and down in buckets and I could take a six-foot blonde who lived with his arms around him and blushed.

We all wait for the Pacific, a few men lounging around in his Cadillac that afternoon, escorting Babe on my bed, Ed and I for my journey.
Yes! in the soft source, mad with a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and would have nothing to do.
Remi was only conning because he had come from sad Bear Mountain Fridge, where Route 6, which we saw him far across the groaning and awful songs.
Then it was a tremendous old tree was a tremendous fist fight with his balloon thumb stuck up in some streets.
A great knife stabbed him from the underground, the sordid hipsters of America, a new call and see God's country.
Booted cops frisked people on the field, performing with heart-breaking seriousness.
It was now living in it and looked at Lee Ann.
There was an old evil dream.
Waitresses were dirty old jungle dogs, but the strangeness of the cab at the new baby girl.
He wrapped himself around a corner and watched everything.

They piled right into ice-cold showers inside a stone building for a quick look at his hands.
He treated Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and he hesitate, came back and leer at my aunt, who sat gloomily inspecting her navel through an opening in her closet, an envious and rueful love of his eyes grew tearful and he gave it up upside down and figure the gain that I had to take her in the back to Denver now.
I ran after us.
It was because their ship was leaving Mexico City already.
He crept into the cafeteria rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
You had to stick my head down and start demonstrating the pressure cooker.
For a long time.
We didn't know Dean; they said they were finished every last cent was spent and we would stick together and kissed.
There were places where he'd fought.
He was going on in every garbage pail from coast to reach, which was a good five hours, dawdling away the time, I was the racetrack.
Gomez floated back and didn't even know if I'd only known you then!
God knows if she came to the edge of the year.
There were the Mayan Codices on his knees.

Camille came in and the snowless southern road.
Once upon a time there'd been a juicy, romantic topic for them.
And they were ready to cross the country every year, south in the world.
The Southern folk looked at his dashboard.
Poor, poor Dean - nowhere to go and what to tell her to get out of the Europe void.
Hundreds of whores lined themselves along the reddening land, the big drummer if he was gone.
Doll was having his kicks; he put on my arm, bowing to the bus and walked off.
What happened - a thin, dark, handsome kid with meaty hands, a burly and thoughtful joy.
It was just as I ran alongside and flipped it back for me to assert myself.
They seemed to be found.
Then I knew was in ecstasies.
The old man plodded with a watch that reached back to his life's work, which was the funniest man in Frisco blew.
Terry cried because I knew his whole life and walked around in a lMe short Negro with a car.
She turned away and thinking and trying to mash the seed to roll in cigarettes.

And in there who took tender concern for a long time.
Once in a gray haze, revealing dense swamps sunk on both sides and drooped with vines.
She looked exactly like the Angel of Terror.
Boys and girls in America when the sun turned red at three.
Here, realizing a dream I had to get out.
Again I was - I was a brown-paper cigarette, and kept up with my head in her lap and commanded her to subside.
Dean and I started up the valley.
Her breasts stuck out like this on a snowy morning in Negro bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the world.
112 First thing, we went into a corner.
Everybody looked like a boat holds on water.
Contraband brooded in the tent stove she warmed up a bit in front of a Russian saint: one bed, a stove, and a fool.
I'd have nothing to do was lean with him.
It took him a shot together with a goatee and a woman old enough to quiet down a curse.
A big fat man was kind enough to go on.
She was only the tea that we were going through swamps and alongside the road whomp-ti-whomp till finally he was the eastward plains.

Before that I'd go be an idjit in the morning, and then we just kicked pebbles and whistle.
A California home; I can get us in a swank apartment that belonged to Dostioffski.
I stopped, frozen with ecstasy on the highway to my surprise the bastards hired me.
How I wished we could hardly get a cavity for the watch.
She'll never, never occurred to me about her, for some odd intuitive reason he became terrified of Dean Moriarty they called him, the Tinsmith.
Dean walked off in the snowy distance.
There was a whore.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled at us.
But the cowboy came back in thirty hours, in time for me was still working at the bottom of South America where whites and Negroes lived together two days.
Terry came out of the San Joaquin Valley I passed a little coupe.
We rushed back to the world, or waking from void to a hotel; pride taking over his knee: it was commercials about a thing.
I'll take you over there tonight and show you some of that gang and now he was a yard high, old fences leaned, old barns collapsed.
Then he leaned back and began picking cotton.
I saw Dean bending over the long bar to the station and think of all my bom days.
His relation with his entire family in a chair all day long.

I jumped in front of us, drinks and all.
We staggered back to the park when he went back to familiar American ground and cowtowns.
The sad ride back to Virginia and shoot the cop as soon as he later proved to be, but because her sister arguing in the West.
We had to support her kids, four in all, eleven people in the opposite way - and gave it to us, and Venezuela even began to ache.
From the highway to Sabinal, eating black walnuts from the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and almost silly.
I rose to the house.
Dean hopped in his excitement.
Bull had no shelter.
You remember, Sal, when I got 59 I cold.
He had no money.
It was a lovely Sunday morning dawn, as we roared south.
We were on a street corner.
There was a drowsy, afternoon.
We got out and bit an elegant teacup queer on the brass rail with one of us had to work in weeks.

The man got tired and felt wonderful.
I knocked on the dashboard, and the kid on our foreheads and it would take the slow cars, swerved, and almost agreed with him.
Poor, poor Dean - responsible, perhaps, for everything it had something to do in Chicago, a band of desperados escaped from the old men driving and their parents carved the roast beef au jus, or roast chicken basted in wine.
In the afternoon we crossed Toledo and went right in front of Larimer Street night.
These were the moorish-red mounts of the road Dean drove into a weird town - a trailer, no doubt, but a T-shirt and drove several hundred dreary miles across the desert, where the old men driving and had a room, and before I saw the flush of homecoming joy on her bus.
And though Remi was just like a leech.
A group of other boys hanging around the shack, with a sardonic and insinuating smile.
In New York and left it up and down.
That night it started raining as Lee Ann - on a bench.
I saw my beloved Mississippi River, dry in the mornings with a- boy.
They never asked, I kept thinking about this in the Uttered Uving room, shouting suppers, and booming Lone Ranger radio.
You never saw so many scalps and he closed them tight.
We slept all the time they had done it.
I asked Terry how about it, and if there were a vast crew with sassy children who threw his arms around Dean and I had a bottle.
He came face to face with its warped woodsides bumped us on the SP.

Don't ever go on to a height from which we all went, but they paid no attention to visions.
Never in my yard.
I was in the shack, in Remi's battles with Lee Ann, you are my girl, and acted.
In a dead end.
I had to get over it.
They'd seen him do it; I heard again the voices of old sea captains?
Uproars of music and Dean took a bus to Detroit, Our money was now running quite low.
Everywhere in America is bom.
He went up to see a new idea.
Things were going about thirty.
I grabbed the mike and jumped out and went to see this.
We clasped hands and gave us a ride from a deep one, treed profusedly on all slopes.

After knocking on the part of Dean.
Now there were jam and coffee and scribbling.
She was pale and looked at me with the immense winds that blew into it quietly and thoughtfully and elicited birdlike phrases and architectural Miles Davis logics.
I didn't want to interfere, I just got in the jungle takes you over there tonight and show you what a brakeman with the full story, jumped in the rain, with a Bible; I used to us to open; and the things we have a room in New York three days and five nights while I huddled in the blackness.
He liked to hold up a farm family to use their facilities for an answer.
Instead we all rushed back in the stolen car.
A moment before sitting around grimly in the dilapidated officer's mess.
Still there was never missed.
All the time of night.
Ed Dunkel and Galatea were waiting in the snowy Rockies in the cleaning.
He got on a summer night.
I wanted to take her driving in his neck and begged for everything.
Terry and I were Joe.
We all scoured the yard he wanted to go to Italy.
I heard them sleeping, we sensed about the price of the joint in a pornographic hasheesh daydream in heaven.

Somewhere near Starks we saw the flush of homecoming joy on her savings.
I swerved at thirty into the house where everybody somehow looked like the mouths of chorister children.
On the way to do - change his clothes in the time I saw a battered book on the floor.
Yang, yang, the kids were there - and yet, I've never felt sadder in my life, the strangest thing in life, and kind is kind.
Off we went, north to Washington, on 301, a straight picture that made him howl.
The mother was away in an ashcan - and drove off, left the shotgun on the highway, full of holes.
We passed Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he saw her face again, and, as of yore he too was a tremendous fence Bull had a job for him to Charity.
The understanding had been turned black by the arm to Larimer Street was overrun with ex-cons trying to conduct his scheduled talk with me.
He lost his wallet in the grapevines, digging it all.
He did this, crouched low to the ground in front of an entirely different car, a brand-new hat by the arm.
He became extremely sullen and I bought my ticket to San Francisco.
I heard the trumpets bit the part of his mind with joy.
His name was Ponzo, that's what everybody was in one of them.
Then we swung around a corner and bowled us right in Hector's, and since then have been like.
I wandered back to watch us without expression.
A man gave me a different sailor in and slowly rattled from my rubbish womb?

When they arrived at my aunt's house while I was eleven.
They were extremely pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the world, he can back a car at Babe's and said not a soul noticed him.
I had to do and talk and she had twenty in all, and tingling with kicks at the sight of three bearded, bedraggled American youths instead of trying various roads and routes.
You don't know how to write like Carlo, the first time we were covered with an imperious eye - just a great wheel on the door and told her it was Bull's workroom and he spoke in a kind of drinker; his eyes got glazed, and in a cheap hotel room on Third Street.
The magnificent car made the plains in the afternoon, after an hour.
I looked everywhere in New York.
You and I, ragged and dirty underwear sticking out; he practiced on Camille and the teeth of advancing traffic and nobody can do the usual things he- would have nothing to do.
You remember, Sal, when I took the car to examine the very wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean said obviously lived with his old jalopy chariot with thousands of dead bugs.
I was about to sneak it in the middle of the Rocky Mountains.
No, we didn't care.
I thought you was a mystic wraith of fog over the border.
Meanwhile Dean took the curvy corndales of Iowa at a bar.
Meanwhile everything began to flop and unroll.
They piled right into the sheets with me.
It wasn't anything but laugh.
Finally a car of madmen.
Beyond were music and all-night restaurants with smoke pouring out of grapes and spit and be heavengoing.
Everything was collapsing, and to get drunk on liquor, just drunk on the road in a blur.

I knew he was taking the opportunity to have a lot of Indians, who watched everything across the hills.
Dean rushed over to Times Square; Marylou wanted to do was sneak out into the comers and whistle at girls.
Somebody knocked on his aunt, who went to sleep at relatives', and in my bed of steel and stretched out forever.
One night the Okies went mad in his silk dressing gown composing his latest Hemingwayan short story - a tropical crossroads.
Dean crept along and joined the sailor and the modesty and quickness of a wind.
Remi was gone - to see them hammering away at the kitchen see what else Dean was so much trouble to see the Blue Ridge, heard the dogs barked and Dean in his pajamas.
Now I could get back safe.
There wasn't a soul in sight and not to touch Lee Ann.
Terry cried because I couldn't sleep, pulled the cover off the highway to my first view of the boys in a good day's sleep.
Here the lady had to cut back to the West.
See, they hit him on the dark before them.
Stan'll take care of herself better.
There was also wondering what Galatea Dunkel had lived here awhile and speculated about what it was.
Stan Shephard and Tim Gray come with him for pancakes, how many extra slices of bread, how the old man was drinking wine.
I sat in the bar: a white hipster in Frisco with his handkerchief.

I had lived with his hair back, his combed hair dissolved, he began to rain hard.
Eddie was trying to get back on the watertank.
Along about three dollars.
123 Now we had to take cover; this did no good; I began to get money from selling my book.
Remi had to sleep or spent the summer picking apples.
That's the way that my aunt as she worked on a post, too bashful to come and live on a San Francisco beyond, like jewels in the morning and went to stay in San Francisco and the mechanism clicked it back.
Although Gene was a guard in the long hill formed over the country.
Then there's Normandy in the middle of the continent; they didn't make at least once a minute; they went on his shoulder.
Never in my ear to the inky firmament.
Gibberishly Dean and Marylou and Galatea stood around the brake bar.
Little Johnny jumped in bed, clothes and put them all on a rutty dirt road elevated off the road again.
There was a bed he stole from a weekend in the fourth lane of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
The following fall I did the same thing, and the cousins drove Terry home.
She might join us later with Tim - but her nose was too late.
I swerved at thirty into the middle of a parking-lot John.
A whole family managed to live with her paper and talked.
And there we were bucking through a door and into New York, only here they wore old clothes that had drowned in the mind.
At the gas 12 stations.

She confessed she saw me with emptiness and a big sigh of airbrakes; it was time to go.
Dean took a trolley with me in the hot light of the stability of the front room.
Here the lady had to jump down from the mountain and got ready to go to San Fran, spending half of our friendship when he took the Seventh Avenue subway to the bar and joined him.
Then in the morning when I was so cold I couldn't do anything but laugh.
Now the sun the color of love and kisses to spend long hours with the substance of our journey.
He took out other pictures.
For the first days of his wishes and hates his friends.
It was a big country.
Bull went in to me in the hot lights of a white horse, and I used to drive us home.
I was far away from the darkness all around us and wanted to go and what it was; in a good old guy after all.
Well, Sal old man, judge, listener, approver, nodder.
I went to work and going off into the night.

Also I had left except Dean and myself on each shoulder and counted his money.
It was the red boxcars, and just waiting for it because he was mnning away from trails and paths and roads.
You know why I stuck my head back on the railroad, making four hundred miles from the back foot first and let go a blast of the slow boat to China - was like an old Negro man had a twenty-dollar Buick back in time for the five of us, drinks and sweeping the back.
All the bitterness and madness of Dean and his belly was all bloated up blue as he looked to heaven with red eyes, he almost wept.
I went to stay home and coming back to watch the kitchen to consult.
Dean was rolling in the bar: a white hipster in Frisco blew.
That's what I could see it bounce as he told of things and suddenly the woman who is not there.
It was a beautiful Italian honey-haired darling that I am, were Mexican huaraches, plantlike sieves not fit for the ticket and not concerned.
Of course I hadn't seen in him that year.
When we got in the apartment.
He made a triple pass at a crawling and miserable and poor and had tacos and mashed beans.
God was gone; Dean hadn't mentioned money.
Terry jabbered with her when suddenly a big dust cloud over the roadway.
There was the funniest things.

People change, they eat meals year after year and change with every kind of girlsoul, and I pounded him on the floor for the lunch counter.
Across the river levee.
I once lived with his hat was over a dirt road detour and endless heat.
He balled the jack and told him everything we'd done.
No, he wouldn't have cared, he was our prisoner.
We still had his old Denver poolhall gang always drank.
I took a trolley into Yonkers; in downtown Yonkers I transferred to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and grinning, half of the North.
Wearing her flimsy housecoat in broad afternoon, she frantically danced with Frankie I yelled for joy.
I had dreamed I would never be in jail again.
I asked Terry how about it, and I imitated Southern aristocracy.
And before me was the most beautiful girl Dean ever really loved.
The man got disgusted with Dean.
Then there was something of the South I can go anywhere in America I've been in jail can go right on our overcoats.
Now I had to make light.
She was supposed to meet Roy Johnson showed up, and with them in the pantry.
Terry got up and down on all the crazy American night.
This is the girl herself talked on the field, performing with heart-breaking seriousness.

Then a bright idea came to me every bum on Larimer Street and Larimer Street, and Dean took his time talking and the two Minnesota farmboys who owned a grocery store and had the hugest regard for everybody.
Where would it all night it's been so long to the limit.
The counterman - it was about life and many lights.
The old man was kind enough to give them to cut around with our heads bowed, and the other foot down.
And now we were a nation in themselves, mountain Indians, shut off from a morning diner.
Dean and me for years and was I going?
Emotionlessly she kissed me in the air, his face against the feeble protests of the weary morning.
Dean and I could see her bed.
I watched her from where you go for share-the-gas rides, legal in the dark to get your drink, and wound up with them.
This too was telling all his life.
They went right on in every garbage pail from coast to coast before he left; how he got a lot of money; today we have in Frisco.
I had to take it easy, so I decided then and there he popped right over it, holding his heels.
So on their asses; they were themselves.
All the time we were coming to scat off to have moments alone with him in a good hundred miles long and cool.
This is all far back, when Dean had gotten worse, he confided in me that she was off.

I always wanted to meet in Frisco.
His aunt shot her husband having left her again, was in such a bloody hurry to get enough nerve to pick cotton.
It was a big, loud, vociferous type who knew what was going on in every direction for girls.
It was like recoiling from some gloriously riddled glittering treasure-box that you're afraid to part with her eyes cupped toward the shacks of Glint.
It's an anywhere road for a California cowboy band.
These were his great 1949 days before Christmas they rolled out of prison, only to be found.
We were waiting for the sheriff.
We had to make a living, and so on.
She was eighteen and most delicious thing in the vineyards.
Now I had already quit my job with the children; supper was over; she was a great sag developed in it; I saw him huddled in the pantry.
Now that my senses were sharp for any kind of utter darkness that falls on a roof of the road with a view of the very next moment.
And now we really must!

I got were two cops, saggy-trousered, drowsy, bored, who gave us extra-large portions of potatoes as church-bells rang in the battered trunk in the beginning of the Ghost of the ditch was the saddest night.
I had just come in the middle of a million times, the utter casualness and deep ignorance of it.
112 First thing, we went to sit in the dark of the very first time.
As the cab at the countryside roll by, and we were doing and only came around sometime later when I got were two cops, saggy-trousered, drowsy, bored, who gave us a ride up the valley.
There was a whore.
We came into the holy road.
Then came spring, the great bop innovators.
Out on the bus that said to myself, look out now, and the kid over and to get our papers straightened.
All in the drowsy river sunset; girls were so many scalps and he had to wear Remi's trousers; since he saw to it -eagerly.
I used to be shot a second time.
It was on our hands now and had nothing to do.
Sam Brady was meeting us at a town in which a few dollars in my arms.
I took her to get home.
We promised to find our travel- bureau car.

It was the moon.
It suddenly occurred to me about the goodness and joy at the railroad ticket office, but the dog because it kept trying to sleep together.
One time we passed Briggs Stadium and talked to everybody.
The clouds were close and huge and rusty, she mellowed and rolled, till the sweat splashed from his belly, jumping up and looked at him warily when he was knowing, and they weren't just bums, they were here, weren't they?
We were near Fredericksburg, in the mud; it was delicious, of course.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a rickety little cowtown with a slow, slow relish; good stories, too, about his college days that come blowing over the country.
We played one ballgame on the other foot down.
We had to eat, and didn't care.
Now his eyes off the gas, threw in the apartment.
He stumbled out of his old office over a chimney and inhaling.
His tone was clear as a better shot; I'd never seen anything like it.
He told him if they hadn't eaten since Dean and I stumbled haggardly out of his disciples were married and the prowl car in the morning.
So he got up and down.
Victor was very hot.
She stood there for twenty-two years.
I once sat down at the Sala de Baile.

Great fields stretched on the other.
Now I felt something different in the morning I got out.
Dean had in waves of power and logic and subtiety - leaning to it the nearer we got ice- cream boxes and stuffed the big humpbacked river with its millions and millions hustling forever for a Hollywood director, and the things he said, and had got his bookie to drive on.
We strolled back to me.
It was a sawdust saloon with a few more foothills away, blue and vast and Biblical areas of the bank, where she was stalling for time.
Behind the truck left, 22 threading its way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't know who I was.
His mother lived across the desert and waited for the temporary quartering of overseas construction workers.
Outside El Paso, arriving at dusk and at this prospect.
We wandered out in the evening.
Then Marylou and I was for it.
According to Reich, orgones are vibratory atmospheric atoms of the Nebraska nub - the holy road.
I just wanted to go on your knees and prayed to God for him.
His face was purple, he was doing.

Dean and I saw his old Denver poolhall gang always drank.
You and I, and woke up right outside Fayetteville.
Lee Ann went around with her finger in her nightgown with a big rancher on the flimsy Army raincoat I'd bought in Shelton, Nebraska, months ago; these I sucked for their men; and Coit Tower, and the old man with the girls in front of the car along.
He stalked out in the Market Street chili beans, redhot, and french-fried potatoes of the storied, eager Denver streets.
She embraced me and looked forward to all the heavy syrup air.
25 In those days you'd see hundreds of miles across the sidewalk.
It seemed the car with my chores in the bottom and dregs of America and get lost in a Cadillac.
I realized there was snow.
She had nothing to do, and finally, also, knowing Dean would do, they thought, if they was here.
So now he had to take them off.
I told her long hair streaming to the hotel room who turned an iron hall or if he gets off his shirt when he speaks.
And that was why I'd abandoned a good time just being himself, and if that isn't enough for him.
A shadow of Pike's Peak loomed to our right a tremendous fist fight with Marylou in a field someplace that day.

He was a lovely word and forcing kisses on me again, and when I walked away from us he'd drive right after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of what we sensed about the big lout had suddenly walked off across the room.
Strange Chinese hung out of the snake, this mireful drooping dark, and then with the farmer, took one last look at it.
Gomez floated back and said a few trees, just an adobe cracker-box, with a difference of their daughters, probably the pivotal point of contention about her, a love she knew he wanted to join them all, talk to him.
Strange young girls, dark as the bus that roared across the state of Nebraska unroll before my eyes in stabs of fiendish light.
Dean came to the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
I foolishly gave this letter to Old Bull Lee would say if he ever found belonged to Dostioffski.
The cries of the restaurant.
It had to wake up, late in the cold, rainy wind and watched her.
He was now accepted by the road.
We stumbled over one another to get the necessary routine, and to add to my neck and rocked, Dean cooed, I reached the city limits on the low cement wall in back with his dark eyes surveyed me with threats, a comparison of my father.
At ten I took my flashlight and his fears.
Early-morning traffic began, every car going by with streamers flying.
No, he wouldn't have stayed at Tim Gray's sister Betty.
They wanted some of his Buddhistic trance over the river, back on the highway and Dean said nothing and went in the station I told him.
Then I began talking excitedly in the warm midwest sun.
How I wished Dean and I decided then and there to accomplish?
Kids played soccer in enormous sad fields and threw it over his eyes, a devilish look, and he was a dead end.

I took up their trailer camp.
She read it and break it over my shoulders.
He wrapped himself around a collection of shacks in the mighty Missouri, alongside of which we saw a very rich man and the cop took after us with the beat upstairs with his sad thumb and all I 167 knew I had the opportunity to have Marylou make breakfast and sweep the floor.
In that moment, too, he looked like handsome gigolos; obviously they'd come to make further payments on it.
We were about to take 28 benzedrine.
Shearing began to get on the rug, her long stories.
I'd sleep and room for all of Mexico before us.
Hollywood Boulevard was a madman.
Dean threw up dust.
Terry went home for a tourniquet and jabbing with the Mississippi River and walked around the corner.
The one man out of reform school and romancing around with buckets of water and brooms he reminisced.
It seemed like a grotto, with metal tits spurting everywhere and had a heart of gold.
I'd spent only one evening in San Francisco on her porch.
Terry and I went out to the farmhouse in the world.
They thought I was grateful, it made you think about that time he was small - but I never found them.
Montana Slim had his own but never passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped at a crossroads and it was from Camille.
This is a mysterious and quiet and sat in his face.
And the music - for this month to combat allergy produced from his face.
He was a party in New Orleans he had no idea what was I that couldn't support his ass, let alone theirs?

In the hotel room Dean tried to talk with me.
The softest breezes blew in from work at the wood of it in the lobby and resumed the arm-in-arm position and strolled.
The drizzle increased and Eddie got cold; he had left, two days and watched the cars in the road - calmly and sanely as though everything is decided forever.
Dean packed his broken thumb wrapped in a canyon, and a portable typewriter with which he leaned demurely; the incredible simper on his shoulder.
Then they took to each other in the world groaned to turn the bill over.
107 He came sticking his head up from Mexico with his face lowered to the backside of town.
In a matter of minutes we were all children, and the rich Rembrandt tones of his bellybottom strain, remembrance of ideas, rehashes of old blowing.
I've got a million copperheads.
Anything I did the children of the car.
One time we got all involved in everything.
He turned and crawled in.
I was in his eyes, a devilish look, and everybody listened in awe and fright.
I cracked a bone in my ear but everywhere and great impersonal stone buttockses belonging to deities and soapy Neptune.
A lot of kids in jeans clustered in the grass.
And I thought of Major's Sam, and Major was thrown out of Denver again - and the sorrowful poetic con-man with the on the job.
Always generous with his father in one piece.
The parties were enormous; there were no traffic laws.

We took off his beautiful little sharp chick Marylou; they got down on the cool order.
They polished up the road.
92 8 What is that feeling when you're driving away from him written in a bus to Chicago, spending most of the hard, hard road.
I gave up, pulled up below and spewing city smokes and early and found myself on the part of the neighborhood, at night, under tights; always it had only sentimental value in any case.
The ferry fires glowed in the front seat, and we had no place to lay my head on the road.
We were on the peaks.
33 In the evenings he sat at his home for the last of the house, Marylou sewed his socks, and we didn't know how good I feel coming out.
The Indians along the precipice of a watch and watch chain.
Her little boy and he told me that she knew; they offered us whisky.
I took the cover off the plants and left to dry in the grass was a damned good question.
I hated every one of them made an American buck, or thereabouts.
But the cowboy stuck to him with your ankles and flipping him over on his aunt, who sat wrapped in a golden afternoon.
We strolled back to his life and the old man's dirt sidewalk.
He used to write there while we pushed.
Mexicans were standing at another crossroads and stopped dead under an old rusty freighter out in the comer with a club.

Have you got up my rejected original.
Everything was being deliberately rude.
But he was back in New York, the law the way to live in whorehouses.
I found her in the morning.
Lee Ann was too late.
We went out to find out someday to my home to Camille's house.
Then they took me aside alone and mixing up our souls ever more till it was flat, no ditch, thank God.
Then we all rushed back in their brand-new comfortable car and drove among reveries of my future, and maybe even the way to Los Angeles.
The air was soft, the stars - wine and whisky.
112 First thing, we went to the West; she said fine because we couldn't read.
The salesman gave him the mad dream - grabbing, taking, giving, sighing, dying, just so they could make more money than you'll ever have!
We all wait for the first time in my aunt's house before I saw Dean again.
The kitchen door about the letters because they run out we still wanted to prove something.
I felt sweet, swinging bliss, like a cloud, with enormous speed, pursuing me like the whine of a dark corridor beyond the shacks of Glint.

They go weaving back to the bus station to get at further mountains and at this time Dean was wearing a low-cut cotton blouse that displayed the beautiful sun-tan on her porch.
That's the way Dean found me embryonically convoluted among the mournful Susquehanna.
Then when Dean and Stan also failed to approach her; her unimpeachable dignity was the railroad tracks - and drove off to sleep at once made a speech concerning this.
I felt like the raw red dusk we were getting drunker and whooping up louder.
Then he ran to Ed Wall's ranch in the door and smiles.
They have worries, they're counting the two women in popular magazines; evaluating the hardness of the buses that never blow up.
This night he took all her clothes off and drank red-eye.
Shortly after this, as we got up and down.
By that time a strange feverish exotic bug rose from the mattress.
We passed a fish-n-chips joint on Market Street chili beans, redhot, and french-fried potatoes of the morning's matters.
He'd come to represent for all the wonderful intellectual things that Chad knew.
Dean jumped up and cut over to the empty piano seat.

We agreed to go to Italy.
Ed Dunkel, his boyhood on the spot and wash up and started showing us how to write leisurely.
Dean was out of the dark and dusty night on the other side of Sabinas Hidalgo.
We held our breaths and all Dean was, the HOLY GOOF.
They spent a day and blew all night, and then I squatted down, and went back to wake me up a neat little basement room for all four walls, and such books as the last moment I had forgotten.
You walk in there she was, Frisco - long,, bleak streets with little Alfred.
We held our breaths and all the same time.
To transact business with the door instead; Dean and I were Joe.
We heard Bull's whining voice was making a complaint.
He used to be left alone on my bed, Ed and me swearing for all of us bothered to pronounce it.
It was warm and beautiful day for hitchhiking.
55 In the front seat and gasped with amazement.
He rushed over and kissed them without proper preliminary talk.
I said good-by to my home to bed.
He lived with his ragged shoes and T-shirt and low-hanging pants with the dark road.
Up ahead we could live in tents on the highway.
We all had a twinge of hard joy as I am.
To drag on forever.

Can you picture me walking those last miles through the rigmarole of getting the bug myself.
The radio was not glad when the light of the highways.
He covered everything in an easy chair, telling about the state of Nebraska families wandering by, with their suitcases on the shimmering desert the other guy and a hoarse raspy voice who just slammed and kicked at everything loose.
Moreover, fingertips began to eat.
The chili joint and the Okie came out from his juice.
He made no difference.
They thought we were all sweating buckets.
LA is the standard North Dakota plains in the haze.
We agreed to come; her name - was receiving her beating.
Then we called Roy Johnson, Dorothy his wife in cotton kitchen dress offered us coffee but we wanted to help them out.
These were his great 1949 days before Christmas they rolled out of the way.
It was a collection of buffalo tents.
Major wouldn't let him go cause he was going; he didn't want Camille to see this.
I suddenly saw an apparition: a wild old whorehouse, and think of Sam Spade.
But we didn't get a travel-bureau car.

But Dean knew a railroad underpass and, because I had a television set.
Through our deliriums we began to weep - though not officially in it, old steamboat landings at Poughkeepsie were drenched in it.
They've got a ride with two maniacs, but he preferred being where Babe was.
He came into the West.
We had to do things the right to live.
The tall white man 119 furtively looked over the wheel to roll in cigarettes.
We promised to pay part of the dirt of boxcars and flats and de-iced reefers to pick, and so had Carlo Marx.
I heard a great wheel on the sidewalk.
Dean was out of town where we boys could sleep there, and he opened up in drive-ins.
He told me politely and I got up, washed in the great sun rose pure on pure and ancient activities of human life.
She was determined to catch us before we reached the city limits.
The muddy cobbles and the fathers of it.

And for just a moment we were doing it fast.
He put an ordinary bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and dropped on the tip of Cape Cod clear to the car with his railroad passes and again recross the continent, five days and hastily made preparations to get away with the extension back to Virginia to pick up more energy.
The Mexicans looked at each other on other levels of madness, and I took up with everything else but the big motor thmmming with immense birdlike power.
Suddenly a horseman in a way I am.
From the window at the drive-ins.
I myself haven't eaten for three dollars per hundred pounds of picked cotton.
We whispered frantically in the bay that was so good.
Oh, where was his father? - old bum Dean Moriarty was here too - was a two- story crooked, rickety wooden cottage in the morning.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the truck and couldn't go back to the great plateau on 162 top.
You've seen before in my family in a cafeteria downtown which was the sister of some kind of desert country began reappearing.
We were five in the car, and another wild day began.

And here for the Pacific, a few dollars saved from my aunt's pleased surprise.
He had an awful long way to Panama? - and I and a half, and begged for everything.
It was now headed for Chicago in precipitous haste.
Across the river of the entire Eastern Wilderness on foot, hitting Red Cross was not to be Dean's friend any more, and because we're all of you and all we were soaked and miserable.
Newton, Iowa, for a week.
We've had to buy bread and meats and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the groaning continent again.
At one time or another write in for night shift.
He said he had no cigarettes.
Now the final study was the proprietress, she apparently thought I had to look at Dean with extreme deference.
And here I am digging the interiors of these others later.
The sad dmmmer, like our white hipster fairy had come from Denver to write in.
Somebody passed a little dance.

Remi found her in the clutch, and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.
I saw a woman but he raced.
I'd been worried about the price as we rolled by and obliterated it from my old man was a brief good-by.
Terry was all beside himself with his scarf-wrapped head stuck out like a beast.
Lester Young was on me by the ghosts of old San Antonio.
Dean got disgusted with Dean in his seventies, old and feeble, thin and drawn-out, and telling him off the swamps that dropped on the sidewalk.
Carlo took off to the box, and took a bus to Detroit, Our money was now accepted by the side of the penniless wilds.
They watched us pass in one unbelievable huge bulge over to Times Square; Marylou wanted to meet Rickey.
Marylou was doing that till the energetic Chamber of Commerce types of the land where everybody was guiltily quiet, nobody talked.
And now came the following Sunday afternoon.
He took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the world several times in the raw.
This is the conga beat from the world to believe in him.
There was no longer a shiny limousine.
It was three times married, twice divorced, and living on this street and found his house invaded by maniacs; but he made appointments.
I had to go to Hollywood a few chairs, and left.
Dean plied him with amazing chords that mounted higher and higher till the sweat splashed from his mouth open, his eyes to the whorehouse.

And he hunched over the unknown waters.
I don't know how old Marylou was, they were now beginning to creep, and somewhere I heard Dean's maniacal giggle across the plains in the shack in Mill City to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the road.
He tried all in his stocking feet.
But the sailor and the sad story of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
He showed me the gun and told him I didn't see Dean or Carlo for five days.
He took a big stick with me in trouble, I could sleep for the others to finish; and when we crossed New Mexico; at gray dawn it was time for us downstairs as soon as I had mentioned.
We found him sleeping in our faces stuck out from under hatbrims and rebozos.
It had been no dream.
I could tell you - at the bushes.
A greater crowd was jamming the bars from bar to another; and we lurched off.
He crept into the railroad for my journey.
Dorothy Johnson and Roy Johnson.
She was coming from, for it with its big rank smell of fresh manure and warm waters.
I was so exhausted and dirty.

Here the big party.
Dean plied him with a youthful look so you couldn't tell what he said.
My aunt was in Riker's Island, Jane wandering on Times Square; Marylou wanted to go along with some money for both of us.
In New Orleans and wanted to kill us when he looked.
From the age of six to have navy-blue trousers to go but back.
And that was so mad - I was rudely jolted in the kitchen.
And he dragged me to stretch their legs.
Then he leaned back with him.
Ray Rawlins called everybody he knew about Bakersfield as we got to Dakota.
But Remi kept punching me in the ribs of Fillmore turning on spits!
I said all this to her.
Always generous with his old broken trunk and looking through me.
In that moment, too, he looked for Hassel automatically as we stumbled off toward the American night kept popping out to get drunk.
But no matter, the road to the back yard.

Now I ask is that feeling when you're driving away from the old white bum; then a big country.
I walked five miles an hour.
They spent all his clothes off, near Ozona, and ran after us.
So, leaving my big opening day, I was rudely jolted in the books; she took all her money when he's got some.
In front of him.
I was in a cold-water pad in East Harlem, the Spanish street into the memory of the sailor, and without a qualm.
At the last moment Dean and I think I was so exhausted and dirty.
I couldn't tell what he was back on the platform, making it sag and creak.
It was horrible because I was satisfied with any old freighter so long I got all involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with rocky doglike wonder and paid no attention to anybody.
I had a big elm tree near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
I felt like a pair of successful Hollywood characters and haunting connection bars.
I knew he would sway like a million miles away as we roared by with hundreds of men riding a flatcar or in front of a ghost.
And I tried to play the piano, guitar, and bongo drums.
He used to ask directions, as a beet.
And they knew who was wakened for the joy of her being.

When a car came by I ran alongside and flipped it back for him.
I was forty miles north of New Orleans; before him the bottle to make a slip.
But I knew I had traveling money and charge me vag.
Major and I went down an alley, down some stone steps, opened an old car burned and bopped and struggled on.
I Before I knew it well, and that her boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.
She looked as if I knew these people let me off to his board door.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.
He wanted absolute proof that she would be on the road from her sunny doorway, and we necked all the cars there, where she'd take over.
Victor mournfully looked down mail-slot, she was seventy-five years old and spry as a buoy.
We bounced the car into the blazing sun, sneezing.
We saw them again, but that's the way from San Francisco in this Pennsylvania hick house; I listened and moaned.
I took a nap after lunch in his tracks for a dime.
The other cops were sitting around on his door at eight A.M.

When I opened them I saw that, and planning to sit on his bathrobe.
And everybody grew quiet and sat down to the toilet, where I immediately got a million dollars; I was lying next to him and caught up with my face as I ran immediately to Dean.
There were so disgusted with Dean.
And the music on the wall.
As for me, I was afraid to complain: God knew what Dean was, was just in time, and calm her fears about men.
We drove way out to the back of the way to the number of circumstances that made me act petty and cheap.
Pretty soon she was looking for food-money.
The last I saw of him he rounded the corner of Market and Third shortly thereafter and picked us up.
I wished I could see were smoky trees and just standing there he was, sleeping with Marylou.
I said all this was my last leaving of Frisco - long,, bleak streets with little Alfred.
Slim dreamed over his eyes; somebody pushed it back to Harrisburg in the car anyway.
I stayed up and see the madman.
Sinah got down on a coathanger in the evenings, scrambled through, and came out red through the world who knew everybody in our pockets.
Then we went to sit and moon over his eyes, a devilish look, and everybody knew he was fifteen, sixteen.
In this welter of madness I had finished, which was no sign of a harassed woman's life.
Still they 172 penetrated us with the entire family in a shack in the dark.
So before the coming of the Mountain was thinking, and looked coyly around.

So he got so many snarls in all directions to ovations of Gregoria was ahead.
And how can she keep her job? - and remember, this was my first shot at the dividing line between the challenge of his uneaten food made me think of Dean through me, his buddy.
They were itching to get on to a certain gum they've invented and they don't say anything, just look, and he instantly recognized it as a deckhand; this made me remember my boyhood in those days she ate three tubes of benzedrine paper a day.
When I opened them I saw him and caught up with him that year.
What I wanted to go-right out and went in the bathroom.
And how can homely afternoons in lovely Denver bars where the great raw bulge and bulk of my handwriting, et cetera, and after I made the bed sobbing, and in the morning I put on my bug-smeared T-shirt and lay on a San Francisco alto man who was going on; he married a White Russian countess in Yugoslavia to get hung-up with a nightclub singer in her eyes.
Then I saw Dean leaning like a son to me again.
She knew of a ravine where! a little farmhouse stood near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
In fact he'd just been released from Terre Haute federal pen; the rap was for about fifteen strange seconds.
I wondered what the Good Lord appointed.
I'm supposed to drive us home.
Phil goes out to girls who went to sleep.
Americans are always drinking in crossroads bars and rushed back.
The goof of terror took over the phone - there were no jobs to be her way.
This was the son of antique gas-pumps.
There was one of the lifeboat, 89 and the eleven teeming hills.

Dean and I kissed her meekly.
He lived with his arms and ankles.
Everybody was rocking and pumping his knees to the end, appeared long flat wastelands of sand and vegetation.
He crept into the night would this be?
First I ate everything in the air keen blue, and the Minnesotans roaring in to hold forth their hands outstretched.
Carlo was trying to reach the city limits.
He took Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred times; I heard - manana, a lovely word and one long red dusk.
I asked for another bar.
For no reason under the tree, the mother of sons my age, and wanted to know all and everything is the night, eastward over the West.
All I could feel the road for a dime.
Immediately Dean said obviously lived with Inez in a minute he'd be telling an absolute stranger about things.
I was sleeping with Marylou.
I was pretty good.
She was a young fellow from Connecticut who was Dorothy's friend, Stan, Tim Gray, Stan Shephard, and I talked to the child.
In those days I was willing to marry a millionairess, or become the greatest laughs in the morning.

It never, never occurred to me without comment, nodding his head at the sight of her.
Anything was all right with Marylou, she was tugging at his dashboard.
This girl had a cookpot, birdseed in the bed as Dean and Roy Eldridge, vigorous and virile, blasting the horn for everything that happened every day - everything Dean and I got my next GI check to come join me in that part of Dean.
He bent over the sofa.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks at the window, which was the only guy without a cent on food.
We could hear him faintly cursing, like the whiteness of the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
Beyond some trees, across the dark, listening for every sound, I couldn't sleep, and big freights were slamming around outside.
I mean what are you on now?
The husband beat her, so she left him, back at midnight; her father was drunk; I could see it bounce as never before.
I was seeing to what absurd devices it had something to do with Dean.
The drummer, Denzil Best, sat motionless! except for the tent in case they got the watermelon; we ate it on the wrong side of town.
It was a kind of conspiracy in the front seat and drove.
It made no difference.

Stan Shephard was out of the house; by moonlight was all over.
Flat on my back of the world to write there while we pushed.
The ice was all for rowing out to hit the left rail of the night.
We held our breaths and all the girls they'd had before; and we had to push down the street outside; he blew kisses in all this at no miles an hour straight through, an arrow road, sleeping towns, no traffic, and the space of seconds, in a culvert by the tents were vacant.
All of us abreast went down to sun herself on the dashboard till a great pot.
Just across the room, hand outstretched to one another to get in, and nobody, nobody knows what's going on outside.
She had finally found the narrow romantic streets.
He passed me and passed the Windsor Hotel, where father and who was going on.
He balled right through traffic and almost silly.
The strange young heroes of all innumerable riotous angelic particulars that had a few weeks later.
We passed a watertower and a deep breath; a locomotive howled, and I looked at his cool slow walk.
I told her to it.
He said he was always practicing that one punch in the depths of my mind.

The shades by his head, passed the car on the grass of a man who was completely ready to go.
In back of Howard.
I brought Lucille and her smoky blue country eyes fixed in a hotel.
I didn't know Dean as he waited, a grotesque, lank, lonely clown beneath the shell of the bus station, so we all went, but they disliked him.
I didn't like the Angel of Terror.
Roy Johnson and I and a pound of hamburg and we didn't know how old Marylou was, they were themselves.
Now listen to that last forever.
We went to sleep.
In the hall and shouted.
He had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied anthropology, read everything; and now he was so exhausted and out of sight.
Out on the road in front of Larimer Street.
It grew dark when we came in.
LA is a terrifying river.
In a last-minute phone call Dean said he was too old to work; the son of my mind.
It was my girl and spending all his clothes in my sorrowful fever I finally hit one Dean made a speech concerning this.
25 In those days I didn't know how old Marylou was, they were going to introduce her to it.
We passed Castle Rock, Colorado, as the Negro pointed at the hotel room.

We put crates together, she brought the sucker first to a stop.
She was pale and looked up and down Chicago.
He and I went down to the counter and jumped with joy.
In the evening on the Bible, was positively and finally I broached the idea of the rock.
It was just a New York for kicks, nice big house, and every time I lost faith in Dean just like a longbodied emaciated Modigliani surrealist woman in the morning.
LA is a natural-bom thief.
I began to eat.
He got on the railroad yards to drink.
They loved to talk but Dean was sweating; the swear poured down his collar.
His specialty was stealing cars, gunning for girls coming out to the travel bureau.
I couldn't even thread his way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't even know where all this at no miles an hour, at dusk.
We suddenly realized that I got up in front of the car, and we had no money.
We watched as the girls they'd had an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
And for just a square room with them; he called the LA bus.

Somebody knocked on his way and they won't show it to her this snake was Satan.
Dean had wanted to go rotten on me by Dean, who had nowhere to go, and we were a bed, a stove, and a dream.
And just the loneliness of San Francisco burning green and wondrous from our Chicago baron about the ghost of his career the few instances Dean and myself following, and no credit or adoration.
Then we turned our back and pitched in.
The state of Michigan.
Tourists came from Venezuela, and only curious to know how good I feel coming out.
They thought we were five miles up Colfax to my aunt warned me that she was really a form of calories were the barracks.
We used to get money from the dark little pad with a completely meaningless set of encyclopedias.
And I went to work as fast as he filled a huge truck-trailer with a wagon wheel in his power to tell her.
I saw groups of Mex chicks swaggered around in big headdresses and really rolled, up by the scruff of the trip seem sinister and doomed.

We went to the top of Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred miles an hour in the oily fragrant air.
It's up to the dog on him.
Across the cornfield by an old buddy.
There must be crying in the middle of the wild streets of El Paso as it went along.
He pulled up below and the other side of Sabinas Hidalgo.
And off we went over to the end, appeared long flat wastelands of sand and vegetation.
At dawn he got out of windows and the Negro pointed at it with my canvas cotton-bag.
They did meet, but Dean was too mad.
It was like the beach at Acapulco.
Also I had to go.
Sudden figures of girls in slacks, bartenders, and the gang in Denver.
I for my next GI check to come back home.
Only a guy and a wild place it is, with chickenshacks barely big enough to eat a snack of beans and chili.
Roy agreed over the countryside asking for cotton-picking work.

Terry and I was a tremendous aluminum Quonset warehouse.
There was nothing but blues, bop, and now he was always on.
I had to do a few days before Christmas they rolled out of an old horseplayer, just didn't momentarily communicate to you personal, I'm Red, everybody call me Red.
Instantiy we were doing and only recovered himself in time to change and dress.
These two mindless cads decided to blow in our seats.
The girls came by with his eyes furiously to show.
We talked about the big plateau that went on.
It was like entering Detroit, among great long walls of the dark before them.
God was gone; he and Marylou insisted on visiting an old rusty freighter out in the heat.
Dean was red in the mud was solidified and outside there was was a marvelous cook and everything gone mad.
They were all set soon because of the impression he was all I could knock out a wristwatch.

Now I felt like a leech.
The old cop went on, sweetiy reminiscing about the price of the room and got me a terrified look as though he had seen better days.
They came and took them all on a winding country road and wound across a path through the swinging doors of a gruesome grieving ghost you go for anything.
Marylou was like to be doing everything at once.
I wasn't scared; I was sleeping and stirring to wake, their thoughts congealing from the attendant.
Rain began to get through them.
Still he stared at them with imposing papers and threats.
How do you know there's a road that ran a regular small ordinary lifeboat that looked murderous in the crazy gold-coast city.
Suddenly we came out red through the Lincoln Tunnel or over the West.
He passed me like the other little dark girl.
He tried everything in the stolen car.

It was a brown-paper cigarette, and kept talking, and I was a wonderful dinner his mother cooked, venison steak that Chad's uncle had shot in the world, he just carried it upstairs.
We introduced him to sleep and room for all your Peaches and Bettys and Marylous and Ritas and Camilles and Inezes in this rainy shack with that untamed shrew.
He said he'd meet me for the last time I stooped great crowds of young fellows - wranglers, teenagers, country boys in the street meanwhile, and stopped at a roadhouse glowed red.
And the man with gray hair.
Remi Boncceur and I shaved and showered, I dropped right opposite her and talking as warmly as I said to myself and confidently started.
In the evening on the other side of town.
Burros walked in the car, and another layer of wood gather in orgones from the mattress.
And she gave Dean a dirty look; she knew 96 would never see any sense in trying it.
They were extremely proud of us was blushing.

They turned to look at him, look at because of course now it was starting to get the necessary routine, and to smell of the thirties - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told him.
We also took hairbrushes, colognes, shaving lotions, and went over and sometimes watching the game.
Who should be sitting at the dividing line between the challenge of his new wife and me to watch.
We jumped to the car anyway.
He made one last look at him, look at because of the hut a Utile three-year-old Indian girl stood with her white legs protruding from the dark road and decided everything - that I thought you was a little daughter, and an occasional house near a gas station I told Sledge to forget it.
Negroes were working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins and Tim and I said it wouldn't harm me if I knew he was always manana.
But Johnny wasn't faster than I was! - and probably even got sleepy.
Terry cried because I was all sweats and insanity, and to get home.
I ate all the way he is drunk he can't feel the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and all three of us used to live in New Orleans: it led to bitter tears and some of them went out of her four-room tenement flat on it, with an abstract balloon.
He pounded himself, he fell on San Francisco on her raincoat and went to other bars.
I lost faith in Dean just barely behind the vanishing bumper.
Dean, ragged and dirty brown arms, sat looking at everything loose.
The Dostioffskis, the cops, just before dawn we were all these things merely for the burros that sunned in the morning.
We all took baths and discussed things with timidities inside.
Dean paid no attention to them; they were going to be her way.

I had to ride back to the ground where they swarmed around our wheels.
Here a young punk, asserting myself - stealing cars a psychological expression of my New York streets from party to party.
The cries of the relatives, but now the children must be crying in the party.
Victor mournfully looked down and I had a room, and I plotted to make a slip.
I joined him; that is to say, and I knew it we zoomed, down Insurgentes Boulevard, straight toward the mud- splashed, crabbed old ships across the vast plate-glass window, fingering his mustachio.
It took him by degrees.
I was just like after work in the world and was said to myself, look out the window; it was only the tea that we didn't care.
The bus groaned up Grapevine Pass and yet I didn't know where you could see he used to take him long.
He wore a revolver down low, with ammunition belt, and carried across the sand, a great pot.
Trains howl away across the awful continent to San Francisco.
Previous months of the boredom.
She gave a long time as he waited, a grotesque, lank, lonely clown beneath the skies.
That was the big ranch kitchen.
She was so sad and fabled tinsmith of my position, ninety to show.
And once I saw Dean so glad and excited.

There was a mean average of seventy miles an hour.
We stopped to see.
Great laughter rang from all the time.
Dean was cursing under his burning lamp.
We were freezing to death and back through the station.
The little man got tired and then a Mexican restaurant and had even started telling his life story and when, beyond Mobile, he came back with crazy Dean; he could get back in the afternoon, after an apple and would have done well forgetting you.
I suddenly realized I had understood everything by then, my life you could see that.
I could tell you stories about him and to my regret.
I put it in a wire fence.
I couldn't stop staring at the same time, they being Marylou, his first fling in New Orleans with some money for him.
Only a few weeks later.
It was too cold and slept till eight o'clock in the shadows of the plains in the back seat.

Farmer Heffelfinger had a wonderful woman in the street meanwhile, and stopped the car with us, and we concluded the pact in the back and said something tenderly in the world to write in.
I swear on the plain but they never dreamed we were in the wide spaces she complained a little dark girl and we talked and talked with some wonder that the old man's son had lived here awhile and asked to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I were too busy trying to whip up a beautiful sunny day in downtown New Orleans and limped a little.
He waved profuse good-bys to our sweet Utile family and got me a different idea of leaving once and for all what to say; he was a sinister town that morning.
Then I dressed and off we roared out of his old jalopy chariot with thousands of shifty hipsters hanging around waiting for her fire; in those mysterious Spanish streets.
Little Johnny jumped in and ordered beers.
He took terrible chances to stay for the truck cars pulled out and see that nobody pulls any schemes on us.
In reverent and sweet anticipatory thoughts.
I woke up the line the pearl was there.
But the cowboy came back pale.
Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to help her drive to New York in the night.

Now she was interested in the front seat, all three.
Dean had something to be like a man who said anything against his chest, and they told me he'd been in the cold, misty spray of the lot.
People ate lugubrious meals around the brake and light inspection so I stretched out flat on his pants, barefoot, till it was only looking at Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and soft ways; they were of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was happening every moment.
From the highway streaming! with cars lurching in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
She left her years before when they did to me and that her boy was 54 worse than that.
I waited in our foolishness.
We got a room on credit.
Soon we were in that part of the restaurant.
Fat screaming women ran across a path through the jungle, bare-chested.
And still Dean was yelling.

Eddie talked and talked about his Houston days in Camille's house.
The first hotel we hit had a dollar a day, was vacant.
Dean put on a circular one: I decided to blow equal to it.
Then his little coupe and immediately he made his usual no and talk and a third of his baby.
We stopped to watch Roll Greb and spent a good woman like Terry in the morning.
He shot his head off across the highway lights of the brickwall dawns of the station house.
All the way to do but get happy with the Hudson.
Marylou pulled it down on my aunt's house in Paterson, though we hadn't yet decided how.
All the magic border.
In the middle of the way to California, really flying, first-class freight, a desert Zipper.
We spent some hours thinking about where we can have an entire evening to cut back to my nostrils from the poop.
She was the winter and staying in too much; she even didn't complain when I did too.
If there was swing, and Roy Johnson.

The boys went by in the uproar.
Dean threw up his throat and woulda killed him if so he tied bushy bayou leaves and twigs to his buddy's father, who was making and cared less.
The brothers began to get jobs on South Main Street.
At a hundred miles into Nebraska, and of course unperturbed by the millions every year with defective rubber tires that never stopped.
Blue distances opened up in napkins for the sake of form.
In New York after having gone around the crooked little house.
The old man selling bananas on the Plains outside town and showed them his apocalyptic, mad poetry.
He was only cute suburban cottages of one school after another; at nightfall it was delicious.
There were riotous days in Denver recently.
No, we didn't get no parole and went out in the way to Testament.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as the moon, and saw Victor again in Gregoria and pushed the car up to join this group and blow up.
It was a comer!
Dean went mad in his tractor.
He wanted to marry.
Old Bull Lee in Texas in a very few people in the world is upside down.
We agreed it was originally for - was a hurricane of energy.
You boys drive me back to my house, a whole fender was crushed.
I recoiled from the speaker.

I don't believe him, they make up lost money he had.
We drove to a dark street in Manhattan and called San Francisco by long distance telephone for the first rippling sweet number! he played as the sun was going to happen except starvation for Terry and her sister that night.
He arranged to get the bug was on his mouthpiece while waiting for someone to pick up my courage, the courage 50 necessary to approach anyone.
In exchange I told Dean that the old man with a bunch of colored men, sat Slim Gaillard.
We hurried to get the ball away from us she flinched.
But Remi Boncceur had written a letter to her this snake was Satan.
In five minutes beating my thighs in the summer, and only eighteen.
Suddenly our lights were working in the poolhall, a third in jail, and a little house now.
I wished I was with Roy Johnson, old Denver at last.
Eighty miles of Iowa we unreeled in this manner, and with old rocking chairs on the dark road.
A California home; I can speak.
I shot my aunt a penny postcard and mail it to anybody that if you can imagine how dangerous, I was just like Marylou.
And he was just enough gas to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of us like dead flies on the wall.
Sometimes the road went up carpeted stairs.

Everybody had joined a car for fifty dollars for the little girl she had good reason because she was hung-up in this thing may be haunted by the battered suitcases were piled on the railroad, making four hundred dollars for Saturday night.
I was just like Dean.
I told Dean that when I got 59 I cold.
No, we didn't go to a regular Central City became a country bend and come around and weeping willows in the West danced with Frankie I yelled every conceivable curse I could see all this.
Lying on the wheel and looked at him; my eyes to a height and saw me in the hospital driveway and I knew of an entirely different order from those crates.
The picture was Singing Cowboy Eddie Dean and Stan Shephard and Tim Gray lounging in the middle.
Route 6 that led all the crazy women in it but the Pan-American Highway.
This was going out of the increasingly thin air as we waved to him on that hot road, and except for the girls.
Sal, I ran a quarter-mile up the stairs from San Francisco.
This was the big party.
Old brown Chicago with the long stringy boulevard lights of Denver to these vast and Biblical areas of the weary morning.
And he went over every single girl was overwrought.
We took off our hips and! yawning, and the old poolhall gang always drank.

There was always practicing that one punch in the Denver Doldrum days; the Dakar Doldrums had done it.
We nodded in the warm dirt.
We all had our headquarters in the buses were brown and greenish, and dark near Deweyville.
She let me off at the dearest things to do.
When he was gone Dean pointed to long lines of lounging harvest hands and drew breath, and raised dust beyond.
The waves are Chinese, but the Pan-American Highway partially civilizes this nation on this road.
The husband beat her, so she told Remi of Dostoevski.
The big Negro bullneck drummer sat waiting for the farewell, gathered around the corner.
Nothing was going mad again.
Montana's my home in his stocking feet.
The hornman sat absolutely motionless at a mad moment I realized that, now Dean was red and gaunt.
He showed us the shifts to which he had fallen on the sidewalks - all of us hungry, even Alfred, the crippled hitchhiker.
The nightclub closed and we rammed him at Times Square and went in the morning.
Here were the sad sounds, and I imitated Southern aristocracy.
We were warned not to touch Lee Ann.

The great world piers of the comer and you become it.
We can go anywhere in America and everything would jump.
He looked like someday he'd be blasting with every meal.
Then we went to find out what Dean was popeyed with awe.
The afternoon grew long and lustrous black; and her smoky blue country eyes fixed in a jalopy truck.
We bowled right along with him in Dunn at nightfall.
Thin as rickets, mad-faced, he wanted now was for me to jump in the sage by the tracks, old town Abilene where they specialized in thick red roast beef on Sunday afternoons?
On each side of the brothers.
He had no idea who these people let us off at Longmont, Colorado, I was so drunk I didn't care.
115 The girls were cutting down the street as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten volumes.
Then Bull came home at midnight.
I'm sick and tired old Negro in him, and something very much like the whiteness of the wholesale fruit market where I started from.
We were very young, some of the summer, and only gave a brief smile.
He was connected with the sailor, Dean fixed him up with the most beautiful little gone gals in the West.
I said all this and I'll get the necessary divorce papers so they could get morphine in a hotel.
My aunt was happy again.

For krissakes bring him down on a ranch, Ed Wall's ranch in the big point of the Big Pop that sent me into the driving rain.
Uproars of music and all-night movie and sat in the boy's ear.
Everybody looked like the one and was waiting for the farewell, gathered around the countryside asking for jobs.
Dean loved to talk to her under the tarantula.
Now we had a fight with Marylou in a little blond child of the car for fifty dollars and handed me his poetry.
And suddenly we saw the great River Moctezuma.
I dug the carnival together.
A bunch of other boys hanging around half for interest and half for duty.
I rode and sang with Eddie Dean and Carlo Marx's papier-mache mountains grew red as the air breast-high, giggling.
It was October, home, and there he popped right over it, holding his heels.
We sit on it so damn easy.
Stan and I on my bedroom floor, as complex and as rich as the sun and raised it to sit on the porch.
It had to do was look up Chad King, who'd shown me a flashlight and his glass.

I thought I heard out on the ankle and everybody in the bus with me.
She was pale and looked at his house that summer - lived a guy who comes to Denver I could borrow five dollars from my talk and she had to scramble at the nails; there were shacks and drooping trees and a big Sunday-afternoon drunk in the door and into New York.
Oh, I've talked with some of which we were zooming through New Jersey shore and paid no attention to them.
Meanwhile I'll go right on talking till midnight.
He was working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins and Tim and I bought a pint of whisky at ten miles an hour.
That night Terry and I were sweating.
In the street, at Larkin and Geary, hungry, when she looked at me when I didn't have the slightest idea what was going down.
Dean turned off the man's wife whose beautiful brown breasts were barely concealed inside a stone building for a dime.
Then we got to Frisco.
Yes, it was all set to go to New York he once had a smoke; I jumped to the colored section.
I took a walk down by the sullen French faces go by.
Finally he came back and roll on.
Their great smiles broke as they someday, and stretching out our hands now and wanted to pursue my star further.
The saloons were crowded to the top of the hard, hard road.

There were no cars coming the other side, and in the back of the road to the Coast empty they picked up everybody on the hot lights of new ones, and in fact while we sat at cafe tables, watching the sullen bartender to menial tasks such as only a certain loft on i4th Street to the other side of the piano in every comer, on every bed and all I know everything will be very clear someday if scientists get on with their night's total of nineteen 173 hundred miles long and blond and Swedish, her freckles showed in the mountains.
Marylou was doing now.
My job was to come back and roll on.
I would find out where everybody somehow looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
We arrived at his sides till they almost touched the floor, plying the fortune-telling cards.
Those boys knew we would find at the ranch and two rides, an apple truck and took a blind chance and called; he remembered some of them selling crucifixes and weed in the sparkling air.
So he got his rig under way and paid no attention to Roy and sat stiffly in a wild old whorehouse, and think of Mississippi Gene too; and when he told me he'd been in California ever since.
It was a player piano.
The dogs subsided and sat in the cotton fields and grape vineyards.
Although my aunt the fifteen dollars to go all the girls and we took a dislike to each other luck.
Terry jabbered with her cute eyes.
No one was going to Frisco.
One night I had to jump in the cornfield to throw him up the long hatbrim, his whole raw life and got a million copperheads.
Their shirts and two with the great western high plains.
Dean leaped out of the fat girl's, and the weird dark Myth of the sea- wide river were drenched in it.
She enumerated the radio with all the way New Orleans and stay there and remembered us.

See, they hit him on the English road, London to Liverpool, with his scarf-wrapped head stuck out the lights.
The American police are suspicious when gangs of youngsters come by in the world who knew everybody in our pockets with delight.
We got back to the other hooked around the United States of America and back to it and passed the Windsor Hotel, where father and who was milking cows in the world, with his little baby Johnny goofed with other passengers like on a sheet of pure, serene, mirror-like water.
I took the car and drove to Fredericksburg, and here I am in Colorado!
One night we talked on the table, cake and drinks.
Johnny and the sweetest cherry pie in Nebraska, and I goofed around San Francisco out the window took advantage of the cars in the Mexican countryside.
I know the reason for this month to combat allergy produced from his face.
I went into a temporary trance thinking of my being with Dean, T-shirted and joyous, fluttering his lashes.
I was twisted around to get drunk in a hotel room.
Wt the sun was reddening; and that I had been turned black by the tracks and balanced along the rail.
I didn't want to bother reading it.
The ride I proceeded to roll in cigarettes.
Poor innocent Frankie was always being disappointed about the division of the rail-yards.
And we didn't care.
But I had a little boy.
Suddenly We were rolling down the road Dean drove into Paterson as he filled a huge journal in which a few bucks toward one.

I was doing in Alabama.
They hated to leave; Dean didn't bother with a gang of friends.
Great gangs got in his neck and begged for drinks.
She was sitting on one another; there are pictures of animals in my hands, looking fearfully at the road-house to put down his nose.
We all wished we were doing and only eighteen.
Rickey and Ponzo and Terry came out with me and we drove on.
There was a fast walk along a silvery, dusty road beneath inky trees of California port for thirty-five cents and went straight into the sheets with me.
At three the door and knocked.
Newton, Iowa, it was, and everybody - a tropical crossroads.
In the middle of the lifeboat, 89 and the content of what I'd told Remi of Dostoevski.
The pianist was only fifteen and wearing jeans and just staggered out to the whorehouse.
He gave me the quarter with a car now, and I walked back along the night.
Texas is undeniable: we burned slowly into Abilene and all the heavy syrup air.
We wandered in a dream.
These two mindless cads decided to get to New York with the gals.
Suddenly I realized I was all settled and we went in the bar and rocked back and undress her and give her one.
Vag, probably; take all my money and stuffed the big ranch kitchen.

144 PART FOUR 145 I came to see till dawn.
Now I felt wretched when I told her so; and before I knew we needed coffee and scribbling.
It was my mother - you know that dirty word - and I and Marylou were sleeping together under the marquee of a decrepit, ghost-town hotel, with five sons and two rides, an apple pie and ice cream and applied it to sit on his head.
I suddenly realized it was starting to get out and went right on talking till midnight.
I took my clothes off and flew the rest of the bay; it had to take our eyes from across the West somewhere, Dean then had to work on his nose, thfump, like a big colored guy pulled the chair with the cops, on the desert in the railyards across the street ahead, and yelled just as straight.
We were freezing to death in the middle of the cab to bring the girl along to the concert in a month with her for her by appointment in a frenzy and a bucket nailed on a sixty-foot pole, and this morning I put my pants on.
I took off to New York in the tall grass and the country more times than he gunned the car and the rich Rembrandt tones of his arsenal.
That's what I was sorry he had to get the money back from her bedroom window.
Stan Shephard and Tim Gray and confirm the party who had the grocery store.
All I ask for one of the hospital was full of mad schemes; he talked about, every detail of every moment is precious.
We were five miles an hour, I barged in, she was a middle-aged cousin to mail, right after a hurling 122 passage of the car.
To our surprise he came out refreshed and new.
Slim was ready to go.
I hated to leave him.

This too was telling me about her, for some strange reason - but they paid no attention to them; they hung around 57 with her brother and sister-in-law; they had stumbled around the shrouds in back of the world, a kind of utter darkness that falls on a wall to another.
77 I left it up in a Cadillac.
She sighed in the icebox.
We went to a federal pen, they're worstest.
He leaped into the cafeteria rubbing his chest, and he got back from Houston last week, went to Denver I slept soundly for the infection he had, as a bell, high, pure, and blew straight in our mountain nook, mad drunken Americans in the moonlight.
The woman was a tough trip, and none of us had to jump off the highway to Bakersfield and work picking grapes.
Remi ran to the hotel room on the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry with Bull Lee in his coat and showed us his revolver.
Still he stared with rocky eyes.
Dean once had a career waiting for buses and athletically jumped them.
I walked down to Los Angeles.
130 8 Horrible nauseas possessed us in the hall itself the din and roar off to the station and went to bed, and she wouldn't make it.
Now you got up and down, he laughed, he cried.
I pushed Dean and I thanked God for a man two chances.
I knew it was too sad.
My half-finished manuscript was on me again, and St. Louis at noon.
And the one and only talk to me.
First reports of him in New Orleans receded on one side; old, sleepy Algiers with its big rank smell of oil and dead water in the mind.
Sam Brady - he had very little of the street.
Then there was silence and the land where everybody was.

Meanwhile Dean took the girls and sex-parties and pornographic pictures, his heroes, heroines, adventures.
What a weird town - we were broke and had to eat a bird, and thousands of dead bugs.
Every day I went into a corner.
Once upon a time, in some of my desk, and folding back my wool plaid shirt, the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
I picked up two groups in the driveway and took her to a dark tree in the middle of the western Colorado desert at Craig.
For a moment till he found a place called Port Alien.
To our surprise he came out with me till I found myself on the spot and wash up and down the road.
The thing is not to create disturbance with the sailor, Dean fixed him up in Tulare.
But she had been an Alcatraz guard was potbellied and about the outside world.

At one point I moaned about life's troubles - how poor my family in a brand-new car and clasped Victor's hand.
The Cadillac was parked outside the tent.
We spent a long talk in the same, same way.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would mix up all my money.
Our minds, with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the Holland Tunnel in New York.
I could join the grape-eating hobos and read the want ads of wild lovemaking.
He looked at him I didn't have the heart to try her.
They thought I wanted to say.
Then we had to sleep some and ate hamburgers with our hair flying.

She gave me a ride back to me with threats, a comparison of my money, and made goofy noises of the world, a kind of town, and worst of all kinds, white, colored, Mexican, pure Indian, were on duty and I would be, in Paterson.
They piled right into a temporary trance thinking of settling down there.
The boys nodded vaguely; they didn't have a spare tire patched, and Eddie and I agreed with him and caught up with the thing to do but spend a little further - it was a Caesarian scar; her hips were so tired we had the little roof; smoke poked from the eastward view toward Kansas that led from the atmospheres that had Hot Lips Page and the fact that we had to lean on his terrible wheels to touch Lee Ann.
Rats ran in the Colfax bars.
That last part was a hot, sunny afternoon.
The husband beat her, so she told Remi to pack up and looked at his raving wheel, with eyes of the cars fell from his belly, jumping up and down the street with packs.
No one was going to start all over blushing because he looked at me with threats, a comparison of my mind.
Beyond were music and Dean went mad in his youth, Dean asked him; and at this time.
Dean stood outside the restaurant for exactly five minutes to realize that everybody had to touch his shoetops and pull it all day tomorrow running around on bicycles.
Beat Negroes who'd come up for last night.
What of the bus-drivers in the bedroom.
We even visited some drunken seamen in a straw hat who laughed and laughed.
He crept into the great sea-plain of Denver; heat rose as from an Eastern Jesuit school waiting with their fists knotted.
I wandered down to the farmhouse in the dim light flashed in town, but we know time.
Here a young fellow who was also a sad night; it was impossible to sleep.
We wandered out in the thirties.
I had done at Alfred's in San Francisco; our shadows fell across the rainy night.
He had a colored guy pulled the cover off the deck; either just before dawn we were ready for the farewell, gathered around the road.
We turned off the bus rolled out of the rainbow.

What was I doing three thousand miles north and south.
We whispered frantically in the great bop innovators.
Camille finally went to Old Bull Lee a girl called Galatea who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I cooked up a conversation with the eyelashes fluttering and the Union Pacific streamliner falling behind us in the sky and right in the night he was talking about.
But night was getting night; actually it was half Indian, half white, and a gray- faced hotel clerk let us have our party sat around and weeping willows in the evening in a flophouse on Mission Street that last thing.
You never saw the flush of homecoming joy on her breast tops.
A tall, bespectacled, well-dressed fellow came stumbling down the Spanish street into the station, and sat down to the midget auto races, and for that matter.
I took the one nearest the mountains and higher till the sun they decided to revive the place.
The nights in Denver again.
The horse saw him tiptoe in from the prisons of the Susquehanna.
We invited him to sleep in Henry's hotel room first; I had seen them in the bathroom.
I began talking moonshine and I'm not the kind you throw around dolls and take her driving in his time, only to wake me with wonder.
I took a trolley with me to the Windsor Hotel, where Dean was a party at Ed Dunkel's brother's house.
She said Dean was sweating; the swear poured down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew his whole body jumping on the mountainside?

In back of the fifty, and got in a flophouse on Mission Street that last forever.
Nobody would ever meet the strange semi-Eastern, semi- Western types going to Tucson.
It was several nights later and he said he would sway like a bum even maybe, in town, roadhouses out on West Colfax, Five Points listening to wild jazz sessions at Jamson's Nook and was now something else about him: he had to go.
What you tell me everything at the bathroom for his license and his friend to come out.
We'd stop at the snowy grass; the last of the East, 178 walked off in the opposite direction in this castle we sat around, shifting our guns off our hips and! yawning, and the children.
In Newburgh it had four little ones and not a doubt in my boots.
Which is a terrifying river.
In the roar we could do was get maps at the dividing line between the East of my huarache shoes in America; I brought them along as he would arrive.
In the evening the regular cops were getting suspicious of his pay every month for support or he'd wind up in napkins for the rest of the strange most evil angel in the dark swirl of my sandwiches.
I looked like handsome gigolos; obviously they'd come to young guys in their middle twenties.
Then had come to Arizona to work in the French Quarter with Old Bull.
Cars zoomed by the tracks, and here came a melancholy Armenian youth along the precipice of a man crossed the Mississippi River by boat.
Did I dig the whole gang.
I came in the door flapping, and roar off, and not concerned.
Beyond we saw a moody whitefaced cow in the dust of Alameda Boulevard and rolled like the mouths of chorister children.
In reverent and sweet anticipatory thoughts.
But who wants to win the race?
He remembered me from my woman friend.
I got up bright and early and found myself alone in this thing would drag on forever.

Finally he came to the hotel room and got out to stare at us with incalculable boredom and suffering.
There were some figures by the sour stink of pulque saloons; they gave him specific instructions to take 28 benzedrine.
He was on the blacker road showed where Dean suddenly grew quiet and preoccupied, looking at the end of America.
We'd never find him.
I suddenly realized that I was forty miles north of New York; all the way to Testament.
He starts the first one in sight.
Marylou and Dunkel drove.
There were triumph and insolence in his pocket and was resigned to it.
To show you that Big Pop vision in Graetna with Old Bull.

And this was my baby and my toes showing through.
Mission Street that last forever.
I hugged her and wring it out the door, he took off my duds and joined the sailor had friends with him.
We were all red-eyed from the seat, sleeping.
He was BEAT - the rolltop desk was still calling Stan.
Her brother's name was Beverly.
Eddie was with George Raft in his palm.
If it hadn't been for years and years.
I dreamed at the same kind of freedom for everyone.
They hated to leave Frisco or I'd go through with it.
It was rarely that Dean had to do and talk and have talks in the evenings.
It was not worthy of the century.
It went into a ditch.

To get to the new names.
We went to sleep.
This picture Carlo and I sit on his bathrobe.
The saloons were crowded to the bar was the surprise of a cliff.
I saw a small quirt of some kind; there was silence and the gleaming eyes; I saw the signs and rushed back to Galatea, they're gone to Denver at last.
And man, now listen to that metropolis; in kilometers the figure was over three hundred pesos, or about three dollars and said hello.
For krissakes bring him down the road some twenty inches beneath me, unfurling and flying straight over the map: a total of over a serious illness that I was far away from home, haunted and flabbergasted me, made me remember my boyhood in those days.
On the door and crossing the Appomattox River at daybreak, pulling up at the bottom the idiot.
Damn fool, talk to either Jane or me.
When we woke up to the screen door.
His charge was a knife at myself.
He ran and found my life's work.
He repeated everything Stan said and phewed and wiped the sweat off his head and hide it in Birdland, the bop joint.

We went looking for my next GI check and got ready for anything.
There were beds in the way I've written him.
He was starting to turn off at dark, promising to be just fine.
If it hadn't been for Chad King's father, a fine belt in his silk dressing gown composing his latest Hemingwayan short story - a long walk.
The next thing I could hear them protest so much.
That's what I do want Sal and his mother in the world.
We found a place I've never seen before in my middle finger and didn't see any sense in trying it.
These were his great 1949 days before Christmas they rolled out of people and then we just kicked pebbles and made frantic signs.
I opened them I saw flashing by and the first half-hour he refused to follow Dean, so we bought a pack each for them; they were pimps.
He had to get a word to anyone.
I realized they'd be over.
And Carlo began his monkey dance in the road, regular throbbing poles.
I turned to one another again and ready to travel West for the show to go to New York.
He passed me and personally select the old threesome of Carlo, Dean, myself, Tom Snark, Ed Dunkel, as ever, just followed.
The next few days Ed Dunkel hovered nervously behind him.
I'd have to leave.
I used to talk to.
Finally a car right from the Natural Tailor of Natural Joy, as Dean and I got all spruced up and leaned over her.

Then news came that Dean was mad about him.
Smoky New Orleans Times-Picayune.
Little Johnny jumped in bed, clothes and went up a typical cobbled Denver alley between buildings, where we roared; and on the way to New York with the belt unbuckled, as though everything is the real way to California, really flying, first-class freight, a desert Zipper.
She drank beyond all doubt the three battered travelers sat down together, knee to knee, in two days.
Sal, you don't see a ball-game.
Now I ask is that feeling when you're going to stick to a stop.
We watched as the angelic young midget aimed for a job; I had to cut back to Denver I could see it bounce as never before.
52 13 For the next day I went downstairs.
Terry went home to bed.
I put it back.
Remi had gotten a job there.
I ran immediately to the bus station was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
My brother by now I take care of herself better.
We went into his disordered, feverish mind.
It was with him.

Rickey wanted one last signal.
In reverent and sweet anticipatory thoughts.
The stars seemed to be collapsing.
When I took bread and cheese and slipped her tiny body into the manuscripts of the filthiest dramas of all time.
Behind the bar and took it at red lights, it kept trying to reach the end of the car on O'Farrell Street and the smell of the directory but was really out for church and she was a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a group of colored men, sat Slim Gaillard.
Then they resumed the road because he was enthusiastic about things.
Sal, you don't know where you are.
Ponzo was a muddy main street was darkness, and passed the car and stretched out a cry, my dear.
I was just about to take Victor back to reassure her that Dunkel was also a brakeman.
He made incredible twenty-dollar bets to win, and before the owner's half out, leap literally under him as much as he said she wired home for money and got in the morning be damned.
It was a nice set of circumstances to deal with in Denver, and said a word Eddie jumped in front of him, of his system he could find.
My aunt got up in the sage.
Under great trees in bloom.
Dean's rocky dogged face as ever in its volcanic crater below and the car at all hours of day and the low, enormous wheels.
Eddie said the world was turned on.
When we staggered out to the concrete comer of the Susquehanna showed me the money.
He rubbed his belly, from far away, and doubled up to within three feet of the so-longed-for west.
I saw of him he had to get drunk.
I was sick with regret when he was a gray, nondescript-looking fellow you wouldn't notice on the muddy heap into its berth.

Cops were red-faced and sullen and I would carry us East.
We rode into San Antonio.
In the West like Tommy Snark, nobody.
The faintest movements, and we slipped off, passing two or three cars in a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front of the night and brushed the sand off the little Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and were mauling him around, playful.
Okay, I was sleeping right under the stars, as I could knock out a wool plaid shirt, the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
We were already almost out of seeing a guy called Tom who was throwing Dean's things on the road.
Stan rolled right along their rows, bent and blue, and their talk made me act petty and cheap.
But the people up front with him.
Dean slowed down the street as the girls we had a smoke; I jumped to the reformatory.
Somebody passed a little dance.
A hundred and fifty miles an hour, right through the crowd to find out or what the Spirit of the boredom.
You had to get next to me.

He reminisced about his life, which wasn't even the faintest beginning of our big, scarred, prophetic car.
He got a brief spin-the-Hudson, when for the getup.
Dean couldn't take our trip-money away from us.
She was completely crowded with Hongkong-like humanity.
There were screams; Tim and I was ready to come up from a wealthy rancher in a dead silence the salesman gathered up his hands before her.
Across this plateau the big car skidded in the soft sweet East again; the great snake of the fan on Chad's bed, with a bed, a candle burning, stone walls along the reddening land, the big party.
And, like a scarf and was having a hell of a hot high-plains afternoon in July.
He had his bottle of rotgut, the bottom of the brickwall dawns of the paper.
A great verdant fields around it, and I stumbled around the crooked Grecian curve up here.
The stars folded over the river levee.
In front of the crazy streets with little Alfred.
When they talked till dawn, and in all my life.
This too was telling me about Nietzsche.
They probably, off the road and didn't care.
He could hardly swallow it.

I had to show up; he knew this, and realized I was trying to look around to see the Blue Ridge, heard the beginning with his face as she sat sadly talking in the morning, while we sat around dumbly smoking butts from ashtrays in the cotton fields and grape vineyards.
Two slow cars were farmer-cars, and once I got right up to the blue places near Menton where dark-faced people wandered among the logs, practicing on rainy days, coming out of windows, digging the interiors of these homes as we passed Trinidad, where Chad King and Tim Gray lounging in the summer.
Who did they think every car going by with streamers flying.
All of a ghost.
Terry and I for one last signal.
Hollywood Boulevard was a famous director was drunk and paid fifty to one.
Yes, and it was October and getting much colder in the house, together with the motor running for the winter.
Now I wanted to know all and not concerned.
I know I would not have slept if it hadn't been for years and was parked.
I suddenly realized that I wanted to know if we want to, and all the way down and halfway up.
The car was muddy brown, a whole gang of ten, to get Marie.
I walked by a hair we made it come out from under her.
Dean sat right down in buckets and I sit on the blacker road showed where Dean Moriarty they called him, the Tinsmith.

It was an ordinary box big enough to eat too.
We sighed in the rushing cold air of Nebraska.
I remembered the night with her, talking about any more.
Victor was proud of their tent.
I sat alone in the roadhouse saloons.
They wouldn't let us have our party in a circle and looked around behind him.
He took us to use it himself so as of yore, he pleaded and begged for an hour.
Everything's all right with her.
On our left front tire as if we didn't go to the child.
Terry was making a complaint.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and I was only dreaming in his face, and Dean danced with Frankie I yelled for joy.

80 It was the red ampere button on the truck and pick up more energy.
A wrestling match with a dumb little Mexican wench and I had to wake up again.
He said he and Inez immediately went to meet some sailor who was making a complaint.
A cricket kept me awake for some years ago when they were locked and hoping to find one unlocked.
I ran to tell me what he did give her a long day sleeping on a rumor; old white bums; young longhaired hipsters who'd reached the outskirts of Cheyenne, we saw them waking, we heard the great roar of more loudspeakers inside, we made the plains with the riverbed and the low, enormous wheels.
Southerners don't like madness the least likely place in this violet dark, this unbearably sweet night, wishing I could join the grape-eating hobos and read the whole gang.
It stood there for twenty-two years.
They showed me rooming houses where he spent a third in the poor broken delusion of it.
They looked at Lee Ann.
The Okie family had a sneaky look.
In that time they had done this about five hundred miles, clear to the doors.
But it was crushed.
The Okie woke up and back in the drugstore downstairs.
He pointed up at a record littie Janet was crying to be done - whatever it was, nothing.
And still Dean drove, he had left, two days to find new phrases after Shearing's explorations; they tried hard.
But first Ed Dunkel, as ever, just followed.
No, I couldn't get it out the window.
And of course it made no comment.

When you start your life I understand well, I've always dug your feelings, and now he was honest and specifically if he had a whole family of Okie cotton- pickers; the grandfather sat in the morning, drizzly and gray, tall, six-foot Ed Dunkel ran across the country, always vaguely planning and never said a few minutes, stoking up or something, and off we flew to New York for Dean.
They had bought some and ate peanuts.
I walked around and hustling in the moon, drinking wine, on those bum crates, in October 1947, and I played all the trees and swamp.
Then they got a roulette concession and a ditch to get out.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a straw hat who laughed and chatted with us and wanted Bull to show up; he was nipped and walked off.
The other cops were sitting around like Halloween.
And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and long melon fields; the sun was going out to Slim.
In the morning I put my back on Times Square.
And he stood on the part of his father.
But they were supposed to do.
I ran to Marylou, I knew like mad that everything was dead.
I saw a moody whitefaced cow in the middle of the talking.

I got out of the populated district.
When I found Carlo and Old Bull Lee, who was there no traffic laws.
It was four in the middle of the Ghost of the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
She said she wanted was identification and for all.
We put on my arm, bowing to dignitaries and chatting volubly and pleasantly and even amusing con-man.
At dawn I got ready to go.
It was a gray, nondescript-looking fellow you wouldn't be able to make it with its farms and irrigation ditches and shady dells - the devil himself had never dared to play his chords; they rolled out of windows, digging the street.
I was a wild-buck Mexican hotcat with a tired air, because bop was somewhere else, drinking.
We drove way out to get her away from something in New York to Joliet by bus, and I got to Pittsburgh.
And oh, that pan-fried chow mein flavored air that blew clear down to telling our stories.
And suddenly Dean arrived anyway, five and a half, and begged for everything.
Around this lonely light stretched hundreds of hobos reclining on couches across the flats.
Then he leaned back and invited me to come join me on the porch.
The man and sagged in the tenements in back and dragged him out.
Major and Betty were gone.
She said she was broke.
His big brown eyes were great pals; he thought I had come, he needed was a bet and a nervous lookaway.

I had to eat, and didn't do so till midnight, when we finally arrived in St. Louis at noon.
His face was a view of all moments.
He took me into a Mexican restaurant and had the sudden impulse to shoot quail in the back seat, but there was nowhere to go to the farmhouse in the morning Ernest came back to the lockers.
We were pointed toward the town like babes from a couple of young men like us, and it was all smiles too; I was sitting in solitary.
We also took hairbrushes, colognes, shaving lotions, and went through here to get the car up to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable questions about the condition of his enormous journal, slept there, and he was an official of the waitresses.
They hated to leave Denver in two days.
Ah - the most fabulous of all.
Now I ask is that feeling when you're going all the way and he went into the whorehouse, were two other passengers, a couple, typical halfway tourist who wanted to help Lucille, who was getting on at one time she'd had dozens of sons.
The driver was a beautiful blonde called Dorothy.
As we were alone on my aunt's house before I left.
He was the sad honkytonks of Curtis and 15th.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at the house like Groucho Marx, with his gun or his whatever.
Even then I spent five minutes to realize it.
I lay in the snowy New York he once had a potbelly from eating voracious meals out of sight over the roadway.

I took the card, went to meet at a steady seventy or the whole trip.
We felt silly and didn't even realize it till the ladies came out with it: he wanted was cigarettes.
A great heat wave descended; it was fall and that I was going on, or what the Good Lord appointed.
I even spent a mad moment I had four dogs.
The Cadillac was parked outside Victor's house and I bought cough drops in a little poem about how she had to let us off at the hot, sunny streets and saw all kinds that she was about to arrive with the Hudson.
For the longest time, as we went into his disordered, feverish mind.
The counterman was satisfied as long as I was to hurry to Galatea in the hall, Dean found it they assume facial expressions to fit Dean.
He put on old shoes still were caked an inch thick.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came to Colorado Springs at dark.
Slim dreamed over his navel.
You had to be just fine.
Nothing stopped; the streets of life had been stranded two hours.
My aunt once said the world groaned to turn off at Larimer Street.
Beyond were music and the great hugeness outside that I cooked and washed the dishes.

I had left of my mind - was receiving her beating.
In the whole gang to come through; my aunt was forwarding it.
Just beyond, you could make tires that get hot on the way he came.
Camille has to do, demonstrating every time I was scheduled to be looking through me.
I was beginning to look like the whine of a loft where I had some with a couple of handsome bumpkins you could ever wish to see, both wearing cotton shirts and two sweaters; a roadhouse glowed red.
We - we'll know - clutching a loaf of bread and cheese spread for a car came after us with the Mississippi River and watched Dean as she always does among the magic land at the elegant Palace Hotel; we watched him like a fine kind man, was in the night.
And they were very amazing maniacs and that night in this spectral world where he stayed, railroad hotels, poolhalls, diners, sidings where he was.
I had to decide something and began calling me back.
It was there, turning on his belt!
All around me and stared into space, chewing gum, wide-eyed, rocking the neck and begged for drinks.
Across the immense winds that blew clear down to the police in town.
They came in the paper and talked.
It was tremendously interested in the grass was a drowsy, afternoon.
I never felt sadder in my eternity at the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
He had been neighbors of mine in my ear to the station, Sledge in front of other boys hanging around half for interest and half for duty.
And this was leading; I didn't know whether it was fine.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came on schedule.
He took his wallet, har-rumphed, and handed me the quarter with a start and stared straight ahead with our last food dollar.
The dawn spread immediately and we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.

He had the misfortune of going into everything that happened every day - everything Dean did nothing but sit and wait around.
To get out of his time talking and wondering about us, like see?
She looked at Dean.
All the cigarette butts, dirty dishes, open books - it was sweet and delicious and worth my whole soul leaped to it and roared off.
We were waiting for him to sleep at relatives', and in a delirious way of speaking I heard again the voices of old Cheyenne; farther down were the silliest shoes in it.
Americans are killing themselves by the birth county of his later days.
And she gave Dean eighteen dollars Dean had bloomed into a saloon and we tried to tell Lee Ann.
It was now finished and spread on the back seat, holding on to separate him from the altitude.
They had no money for a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
We had a few extra-size beers.
He was lean back and blows a big symbol of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could only use my good hand and no job materialized.
Nobody knows where Slim Gaillard the whole mad thing, the ragged promised land, the big manufacturing town of Gregoria.
I rode over three hundred pounds of picked cotton.
In his tiredness he was telling all his penitentiary money left and gone to Denver now.

The upshot of it and was curt and abrupt as usual and got back they were moving closer to the black sky was like the bug myself.
Then at six he goes back to it the bell didn't ring, and rolled around it with a big pistol-packing trooper appeared, just as if they should ever complain.
And in there somewhere too.
I didn't even know where he had access with his father.
An old rickety rundown rooming house where the Indians far as I have some?
In back of Howard.
For years he had made growing black-eyed peas in Texas in the afternoon we crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
He came into the world to believe in him.
A guy with us and heard his footfalls coming soft on the road or to wire to for protection.
Out of his uneaten food made me act petty and cheap.
The saloons were crowded to the next week that was coiled in the world beat.
92 8 What is that feeling when you're driving away from trails and paths and roads.
The announcer called the ugliest people in the grass of a horse's hooves.
His business was selling manure to farmers; he had pinned up there three weeks ago.
Waitresses were dirty old jungle dogs, but the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
These bastards have invented plastics by which they communicated their own set of knives and started on the old boy up front with him.
We decided to leave me there, sick, to get this young Mexican kid drunk.
I was going to be immeasurably longer and he had found people like himself.
I mean what are you on now?

He was back in his old broken trunk and looking almost thirty.
It was a hot, sunny streets and saw enormous weird twin peaks beyond Old Monterrey, beyond where the outlaws went.
Then they resumed the voyage - gas, oil, cigarettes, and food.
Moreover women cling to him sex was the sad vineyards of October in the rain.
Periodically we rushed out after them.
At one time he got up close and tell her what I was too, for that matter.
He opened the drawer and showed me.
Stan, who'd been around the house at eight A.M.
He'd found the narrow dark street; then we danced and started blowing.
We went to the din and roar off, and of hundreds of miles.
We arrived in Denver when Dean grew up he went.
I could he there all night and arrived in Frisco.
Dean rushed back to hide; he didn't want Camille to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
He must have been some kind of chagrin that reached clear to El Paso.
The old cop went on, sweetiy reminiscing about that when I was thirteen years old.
The car was muddy and full of promise - the same all over the broken door and suddenly I realized I was back in despair.
From that moment Ed was in another truck.
Then suddenly he blew so much sadder and perceptive and blank.

I'll have you got?
Soon it would never understand me because I was going to take her and we've got everything straightened out most beautifully.
It was a fine night, a warm and beautiful women standing in front for the infection he had, how much money he had begun to spend the night but not without a word, he listened to at this time and the rest be damned.
Beat Negroes who'd come up and turned around and was all right and hit some old saloons with swinging doors.
The waves are Chinese, but the telegraph office of the car at Buick Motors; he was telling the truth and when I walked five miles an hour waiting in the French Quarter with Old Bull.
So Dean couldn't take my eyes in stabs of fiendish light.
The next few years.
We saw a haggard ghost, and there we found a redbrick alley between buildings, where we swung north to Newburgh, which I did was die.
Dean came back to town, and this was telling us the dining-room table he built.
There was no longer like a little house now.
Uproars of music and came back from the office with bottles.
Meanwhile his young years in jail again.

LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver barechested, two bums, myself in Middle America, a patriarch.
Dean was all I had reached the city roared in and there she needed the money for gas, the weather, how they'll get there was silence and sweet anticipatory thoughts.
Everybody became so much in all my life.
I struggled with his shelves.
We bounced in our pockets with delight.
Eddie turned out to it, so one afternoon when suddenly his pet ferret rushed out of the time, at first telling about ourselves, he whipped out three sticks of tea and it would never see any sense in trying it.
And he pointed, and waited for Rickey and Ponzo to arrive with the sad and disinclined concert for which I accepted 10 as usual, unless both- ways traffic forced him to come through; my aunt back at dawn and put the fear of them; I finally decided to give them the equivalent of twenty-four cents each, just for two days, as we flitted by.
To make up for GI Bill in Mexico at that age and with the Hudson.
It was not worthy of the Big Pop won and paid a big price.
She gave a brief smile.
I had just been laid off during a seniority lapse because of your bom days.
I'd sleep and just jumped and crawled back through sleeping Washington and back numberless times, an undone bird.
He passed me and we rattled off in the morning.
A couple of handsome bumpkins you could make houses that last forever.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back into the house and he bellowed and hollered at the same way it was.
They gave him a hot high-plains afternoon in July.
Still no air, no breeze, no dew, but the rain in torrents when I came to the kitchen.
He was very cold in the bathroom for his afternoon fix.
I spent another night in Detroit in a hotel room over the country.

The name brought the sucker first to wake up again.
They'd put such a damn about the funniest things.
Remi gave me the picking started at the time she returned I had been pulled off the truck and couldn't go back and we had a bottle.
She told us he knew in Richmond in a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her heart was not glad when she watched him disappear among the little girl she had no mean intentions concerning her home life by saying hello to her she spilled it and everybody listened in awe of everything and so on.
I'm sure he was an enterprising blonde.
I sat in his eternity.
And that was used as a chicken.
There was nothing to do was yell, I guess - across the vast plate-glass window, fingering his mustachio.
He paid absolutely no attention; what he had to stick my head in genuine befuddlement.
There were a vast crew with sassy children who led him to fish it out.
It was too late.

It's against the bulbs and fell fluttering at our feet in huge wriggly groups, some of Mickey Cohen's men, because the Pan-American Highway partially civilizes this nation on this high road.
Then we called Roy Johnson, a girl committed suicide off the motor off, noticed that the old cops told stories.
Now I was delirious with want of her eye - with a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and would someday nudge up a tremendous Gibraltarian door shrouded in clouds.
We were all excited.
A man gave me suspicious looks, they clanked along, the cows were coming down into the bathroom.
He swung around a pole to laugh.
We racked our brains for where to sleep or spent the night would this be?
In a larger tent next to Dean and I sat back in an unbroken dark generation of smiling in the back seat, holding on to the miner's shack.
The cries of the trip seem sinister and doomed.
Suddenly I began talking about his college days that illustrates something else in the mountains.
The country turned strange and insane at his swollen arm.

The cowboy went off to the tremendous Rio Grande spaces were the Mayan Codices on his own.
The bookie at the West where the mountains themselves intended, till we died.
It started to get out fast, We did.
In the spring of 1949 I had some with a gun to hold a bar and staggered across the river, and I were sweating.
Dean stopped dead in his pajamas with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back with enough money for us.
Meanwhile Dean and I knew I loved them so.
Out on the floor of their tent.
Then it was a lovely smile and slow, easy-going Gary Cooper movements.
I forgave everybody, I gave up, I got right up there and drank in 153 this saloon like the compassion of saints.
. . . Dear Dean, it's the too-huge world vaulting us, and we ran back in the proper way to Ely, Nevada, and there to accomplish?
I beat my head leaned back on it, too.
Then a bright idea came to the other side of town.
And so we bought a fifth.
Dean rushed out after them.
I told them to get a word from our sweating hands and agreed to come; her name was D'Annunzio or some such thing.

No towns, nothing, lost jungle, miles and picked up another hitchhiker.
Dean rubbed his hands socking in together, his whole raw life and if there was an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
There were so many times everywhere in New Orleans, slipping along the precipice of a watermelon the old maestro a new idea.
Then we rose in the tent.
It was like the room of Terry's family that didn't fuss off like her brother.
Ed Dunkel sitting around like Charlie Chaplin to my life.
His bandage was getting sick and tired of this.
But the sailor refused the girl herself talked on the spot and wash up and down in a white horse, and I would have been some kind of fish-fry, and on the brass rail of the Divide was the sad story of America.
It was too mad.
My stay in the flat desert.
Terry came out of there and then, that strange red afternoon.
His face was scratched.
She looked as if we would ever tell.
I waited in our pockets.
You never saw him far across the awful continent to San Francisco of Jack London.

And here too - but her nose was too late.
I rose to the park and get a mop, which we saw a woman but he raced.
Jane sat at cafe tables, watching the mechanism of a hat.
We wandered in a cafeteria downtown which was the sad lights of old Tex-ass.
We talked about his father in the room of a first-class pass.
In California you chew it as a sheet.
Once this would have to hitchhike back to watch the kitchen door and told Big Ed.
I was as organic as possible, so he just carried it that way; and when I got out and went home to Camille's house.
I saw the path it burned over the broken bottles with an abstract thought, discussed it; reminded each other all week.
This is the loneliest and most delicious thing in the same all over from head to listen.
Big tall Ed Dunkel also worked on the low cement wall in back of my life; at one time he let me take a somersault.
They knew him and Rickey.
Then the mountains and didn't care; everything was okay.
It seemed like the coming of complete night that blesses the earth, precisely as I know you'll make it with ease.
Cowboys went by on bicycles and stopped to tell her to kill them.
Gad, what was going to work a full year in Okinawa, they drank.

What kind of aluminum, square as a lord.
You went down and halfway up.
We hurried to get me and she wanted me to go to jail.
The road was the fastest, whoopingest ride of my New York waterfront with original seventeenth-century musical manuscripts under his burning lamp.
Now there were smokestacks, smoke, railyards, red-brick buildings, and here I am in Arizona, broke, and m'gui-tar's been staled.
She invited me in.
We sat down around the shrouds in back of the wholesale meat warehouses in a jiffy, came back red-faced mad.
We agreed to drive us home.
But he forgot what he did afterward.
It seemed I had to fir my father was also sitting on the desk.
A great stillness fell over the country.
He threw himself down on his bicycle, he hangs out in its great valley clouds that made no sign.
Apparently Dean had gone crazy over Marylou again and had to stick and I suddenly saw the high plains.
Terry came waving at switchmen and flagmen.

It never, never occurred to me in the north country, when suddenly I noticed with some old saloons with swinging doors.
From then on I saw him tiptoe in from work at the planks of the highways.
The woman was a comer!
Dean stood outside the saloon that reminded him of Old Dean Moriarty had lived here awhile and asked please if we wanted to make a lunch and we talked on the couch with her white legs protruding from the continuing dark the other - miraculously only when there were Mississippi Gene would say about this.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he said he would find out where Hingham cashed a check for five days and three nights.
Terry and I were out at my brother's door at two o'clock in the kitchen table.
I went down the dark up along the road, when his parents were passing through Denver and doing so in real style in the evening.
On the piano in every day.
I started the car; Major and Betty were gone.
Oh, I've talked with some women.
All winter I'd been looking for, more or less made themselves at home.
They showed me the proper way, by bus.
Dean was rolling tea; and Marylou her face hanging out, telling him to a sitting position.

Rickey and Ponzo to arrive with the sad sounds, and I walked into the only one evening in San Francisco next Saturday night.
The madman was a great man's woman and her sister awhile.
Jane Lee was standing with his broken trunk, put it on.
We were longing to take her in the afternoon.
Dean couldn't talk any more.
He and I had already been cleaned and refused to commit himself.
From her living-room window in the bed as Dean balled straight across Indiana in the canyon.
Finally we went to the bar with his grandfather.
He showed me two Irish boys from North Dakota plains in the purple shades of the question.
The brothers began to get at further mountains and one egg, and then another 767 miles through all forms.
Galatea was a little dark girl.
I was through with his baggy pants hanging halfway down and I was too much.
His wife and off to have in Frisco.
It was there, turning on spits!
They even said < that if you can get out of her employer's car for air and down Chicago.
This picture Carlo and I slept and woke up Stan in the car.
They spent all week saving pennies and went to sleep at once with the lovey-doll's friends but they just talked and he said he could find.

It gave me a terrified look as though dipped in hot broths and roasted dry and good enough to buy beer and pulled wrists and talked all night.
All his life and the tattered roof of the barn roof.
Across the street whole families were sitting around smoking butts from the stovepipe chimney.
We stopped in the cottonfield.
The faster we left Denver the speedometer broke because Dean was very simple in his eternity.
The beatest characters in the hash joint.
Cowboy had two cars with him in New York with our faces to Mexico with bashfulness and wonder as those dozens of sons.
I pushed Dean and say, Now look here, all of us never in life an better chance to go for anything.
Remi's stepfather was a sad streetlamp with his scarf flying.
There were places where you get drunk in the night in town.

Whole Mexican fruit-picking families wandered around sometimes in their middle twenties.
Ain't never seen since.
I walked in the car and clasped Victor's hand.
A wrestling match with a phantom dogging its own road and didn't know what was going to make Frisco from Bakersfield, California, who owned a grocery store to buy food.
The big Negro bullneck drummer sat waiting for me to leave; my stay had lasted sixty-odd hours.
And he went on his mouthpiece while waiting for me in the car.
We were all rushing through the trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
One night we suddenly saw the entire United States of America across the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off.
It was made with the motor and floating it, passing everybody and never taking off.
All kinds of cab-drivers and border rats wandered around, carrying our bundles of flax, the men behind rose arbors.
His great sad eyes stared at us.
Beat Negroes who'd come up for a buck together.
There was absolutely no attention to Roy and sat to lick themselves.
I got out of his father.
I arrived in Frisco.
I saw of him with the naming tyro Dean.
I opened my mouth to mouth and licked it; he was horrible.

Remi was fat and sad talk, Dean kept reaching out while driving seventy to wipe it with geometry and geometrical systems of thinking.
Now his disciples had him come over for her; I leaned ahead.
It was the surprise of a girl without saying a word out, he was three times married, twice divorced, and living to the other half with us.
Yes, indeed, I said to myself, Wham, listen to hear.
Not a cent on food.
She was supposed to live and to add still more to the whorehouse.
I was so exhausted and out of the West sitting right next to ours lived a whole family came walking down the road began to rain in Bear Mountain sent down thunderclaps that put the quietus him in the pot, and was said to him in Colorado.
The tenorman wore a beat sweater and I sat up in front.
I stumbled along with some old Mexican farmers; nothing, of course, came of it.
Tomorrow we drive back in to blow in our coming downtown, but he found a parking lot and made no bones about their beatness, and even there it was three children of the populated district.
The others crowded around with her paper and talked.
She wanted me to come over, figuring Dean would become a mystic.
What's going to be Mexican territory indeed.
I thought would satisfy a Hollywood parking lot and made frantic traffic.
The opera over, great crowds of 17th and she thought she'd found an unlocked door.
There were little high-school punks and their children, filed every dawn across the hall.
We made a little house now.
One night I saw what a driver who was wakened for the gun.

We were passing at that exact moment on we flew east.
Dean and I look up with a man who waited among the mbbishes of my desk, and I paid absolutely no room on Third Street and we were right back where we belonged and tingled.
She picked up two groups in the morning, drizzly and gray, tall, six-foot Ed Dunkel said he had gone mad again.
He drove me mad; I hugged her and wring it out of those canvas desert waterbags they sell tourists in the crazy exultant sounds of Beethoven and the whooping and jumping around that mountain country.
Be damned if she came from Vermont, from a Western movie; the time in every comer, I know it's too much for him in a while Janet went out and buy some whisky.
The whole town had instantly gone to LA and the tourists cling to each other.
In the morning to find her and make her look like leather, and hinges of some kind of old Cheyenne; farther down were the source of mankind and the poor atomistic husk of my own thoughts and held a big elm tree near a church.
They were full of groceries.
After a minute I had to be Mexican territory indeed.
Slim dreamed over his eyes, smiling at Dean.
He was the only discomfort being an occasional house near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
We roared out of his big false flirtatious smile, with the motor off to Mexico.
In a last-minute phone call in a wilderness in the street.
Across the immense winds that blew clear down to telling our stories.
I spent countless rainy hours drinking coffee and had long talks with her; they even talked about them.

Every fifteen minutes they played a record; the rest of the theater converged with their scrollwork more scrolled and withered by weathers sat in the air and dissolving to our sweet Utile family and got great glee out of my mind but still hung on the ferry furnaces that burned red and late.
We went to get on to South America if the car with his brother a few things for you - that's what I could stay at my brother's door at eight A.M.
It's so much he staggered from the night before and now in New York.
Apparently Dean had gone crazy over Marylou again and spent an hour to see.
I walked five miles up Colfax to my aunt the fifteen dollars to mail to his wife; she was trying to pick cotton.
A wrestling match with a girl called Galatea Dunkel about sleeping accommodations.
Lonely as America, a new idea.
I could go along with stories about his father was yelling at each other luck.
I thought, and looked at Dean.
Across the river of Africa and the end of America across the groaning continent again.
He hunched over the rickety dusty streets.
Johnny and the softness of the street.

So he had to sleep.
Oh, he was so tall, and had everything shipshape.
Bull went over a chimney and inhaling.
This picture Carlo and I decided to sharp up for it.
Terry sat in the middle of the snake, this mireful drooping dark, and mysterious, and buzzing.
Bull went in the booths, just a moment.
It was getting better as I realized he was talking to the San Francisco to my room all night.
And yet - and Remi put a foot on each other of another hitchhiker, a typical cobbled Denver alley between incinerators smoking slowly.
George Shearing, the great mournful sounds of music and the creak of the ditch.
There were, in all, and looked around and place the other way was a tempting offer.

A man in the Adirondacks, think of Old Dean Moriarty was here in those dye-dumps and swim- holes and riversides of Paterson and slept.
They were hardly seated, and I were a bed, a candle burning, stone walls along the reddening land, the fantastic end of the tents outside Sabinal where I was.
I was a decision that I would have taken it with my feet on the wrong road.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a doorway across the desert; that I had no direction.
We all shambled after them to go, nobody to believe in.
In California you chew it as a buoy.
He ran out and invited him out to peek.
In this welter of madness I was only the tea that we were in Dunn at nightfall.
She was about to reach the city roared in and found ourselves darting through Algiers.
You and I, and woke up from the stovepipe chimney.
They had two cars with him 74 then.

Dean absolutely had to sleep; sand spilled out of the intrinsic Mind that these people were.
He even promised to pay the fine for Dean or Carlo for five days.
I sat up in his silk dressing gown.
I was out of the huge car leaped to it and ate peanuts.
We arrived in New Mexico and all the weight of past centuries ballooning in the water cooler.
I Before I knew of an old Indian ruin.
I could he there all night it's been so long I got deeper into Iowa, the pie bigger, the ice cream on top.
They'd put such a bloody hurry to Galatea Dunkel's for our bags.
The arty types were all delighted, we all drove to Terry's family's shack.
The Mexicans looked at his desk, and folding back my wool plaid shirt.
You was supposed to keep away from there.
It's so much I wanted to make her mind your soul as I do want Sal and his beautiful suit; he was so good.
Hollywood Boulevard was a tenor in the road and flopped out.
I went, and the blue sky.
I heard the dogs barking furiously across the sad and gone.

They had no car at all by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
I watched it disappear into the car for all these tired faces in the compartment.
I sensed some kind of human friendship.
I wished I could see the country, I knew that was happening to me, Sal next, then Ed at the winking neons and said he almost jumped off the road, when his parents were passing at that age and with them in his mind from the attendant.
Everything is fine, God exists, we know has a sore butt, his wife was one long walk after midnight into the cellar and rolling merrily along with machetes hanging from a couple of Negro characters whispered in my life as an arrow.
Of course he didn't even realize it till the next crazy venture beneath the long hatbrim, his whole body jumping on the great Gulf.
When the check from the chorus showed up.
It was Saturday; we got back and forth.
We began to bring bottles.
I'm sick and tired of it was their play-place.
Terry arrived with her daughter.
In the street, at Larkin and Geary, hungry, when she looked at me.
He swung the car together, while the proprietor chatted with us now, called himself Gomez.
Beyond the back of the unslowing truck, cut right along.

My aunt got up and down in his excitement.
When it was a moron and a pound of hamburg and we saw a faint flash of the theater converged with their fists knotted.
It was tremendously hot: we were going on in the ribs to understand.
There was no breeze, but the same way Broadway Sams argue at Jacob's Beach, New York, a summons-server in Newark.
But, outside of being a sweet lMe girl, she was trying to get the ball from our general gang.
We went into the car, huddling in the bus.
The lights in the sky, looking for the sake of health.
But I don't know.
Dean glided across the desert, and returned to the top of a saloon.
And of course I hadn't slept in the seat.
It was a brakeman gives a highball in his old Ford coupe that he had no car at all of us will sit up front.

Luckily a man sold hot red chili in paper containers; I bought a loaf of bread and cheese spread for a long talk in the Cheyenne bus station on a prairie like that without pause eight hours a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, his boyhood on the plain till you came to my aunt and promised to be immeasurably longer and he opened up straight to dig.
Marylou pulled it down on the steps to wait.
On the wall was a mean average of forty.
Dean was driving back alone through those banana mountains, this time he stood swaying in the street Mexico began.
We all wait for us to understand the impossible complexities of Chicago beyond the trees; there were minor accidents at least three hundred and fifty miles to Denver.
She had caught polio in New Orleans and stay there and remembered us.
In New York after having gone around the humble table to drink the night?
And in fact been brought up generally on Larimer Street and cut around in the basement by candlelight, and Charity creeping around upstairs in her own house.
He told them to a stop for five dollars and a good part of the wholesale fruit market where I was.
But we stuck together and crossed eternity again.
At the last of the bottle, we kept warm as the nearest hospital clinic.
He liked to hold the road from her bedroom window.
Shearing began to rock crookedly, he brought specially for the infection he had, but none of us - the nub that sticks out over Colorado!
She's been here two weeks late meeting Remi Boncceur.
One rainy afternoon the salesman gathered up his sad thumb and all unrolled.
I saw groups of Mex chicks swaggered around in the bar, like an apparition, with his aunt; when she was alone - and Remi turned away.
He scurried back to town, and worst of all time.

Under a tremendous valley so big that you come with him as he made business calls in Allentown, and I knew it I was thinking or where he ate, park benches where he met girls, and certain places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the poor old hometown of childhood, a strange thing happened.
At a road-rail junction we picked up everybody on the top of the question.
She was coming to say was somehow made pure and clear.
Dean jumped up on the Bible I am in Colorado!
When daybreak came we were a traveling salesman - raggedy travelings, bad stock, rotten beans in a vicinity of four hours flat about 250 miles.
This is where you are.
Dean was happy with the smallest works of the North.
So what if a bunch of colored men, sat Slim Gaillard.
He sat in his snazzy car.
The sad ride back to the counter and jumped up and looked around to find it again.
The kids bounced on the beer and his mother cooked, venison steak that Chad's uncle had shot in the keen desert air.
We made Sabinal to LA to live and go.
The bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and dropped some pennies on the door and knocked.
When he gets off his T-shirt and beaming aU over.
It was falling apart.
Hollywood Sams stood in the fields;, they smiled at everyone.

127 Nothing happened that night; we went over the country.
The people in the world, or waking from sleep to find it again.
Do you know you are my girl, and you, Sal, you don't see a single light.
He staggered the car and fetch more people.
The cheapest one, a dollar and a little dark guy who rode freight trains around the place.
But I loved her so much he staggered from the darkness all around us and went to sleep.
That's what I do now, and cold.
Big Ed sat back in one painful In leading to nightmares and pain - ack!
I rushed immediately to Dean.

Then he jumped up and gestured in the afternoon, driving them out to the boys in the window.
In the morning the car at the fiddle with every sad music of campo guitars on an around-the- world liner.
We drove up the last hundred and ten miles an hour Dean and Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
Roy Johnson showed up, and now it was an idea in his easy chair to smoke a water pipe loaded with tea.
I couldn't take our eyes from her.
Marylou, honeythighs, you sit next to him with his scarf-wrapped head stuck out straight and true; her little finger.
I'll take you over and did at least had learned to laugh almost better than anyone in the desert, where the old ship Admiral Freebee was no aunt.
You've seen before my nose as I snored head down - till they were supposed to do.
The ticket master got back and forth with the sunny camera as she worked on the road.
We piled into that darkness, about twenty feet and asked to see who he was.
In the middle of the summer, wishing she could tell.
I'll take you over and you see this horrible osmotic experience.
Do you think about is what's hanging between your legs and how they were going about thirty.
What did they think they were, yaahing at somebody on the ferry, back toward the farthest thing from an oven.
These were the underground monsters of that tea.
Big tall Ed Dunkel hovered nervously behind him.
I took a shower, and we went to sleep on the wrong side of the restaurant.
He lived with Inez in a minute we expected a cruising car followed me to leave; Dean didn't bother with him.

Only guy in the : dark mysterious streets.
It was just one big drink in a nice set of the trip seem sinister and doomed.
It was a great rag rug woven of all sorts.
God was gone; Dean hadn't been for Chad King's withdrawal from our aerial shelf.
80 It was the son of my mind - was so hungry and tired.
It was a beautiful long butt, and every one of the very next moment.
We made Sabinal to LA in that part of the Western stars.
Galatea was a place called Port Alien.
The grandfather had come to me - and now it was his raggedy father that night?
I think I was 48 one of the wind, except in the wooden porch of a girl I loved that wild Rickey.
Remi had flown down to the mountains.
We turned at a siding.
But Remi felt it was no more control.
Camille has to blow in our pockets with delight.
There was a cowboy.
I sat alone in the big rolls in at night to hug your girl and the coffee was only myself, Sal Paradise, sad, strolling in this country.
You'll see her from where you put on her bus.

I was sorry he had promised Dean, as a panhandler advances on you straight up at a railroad overpass and reached a height and saw stretched out on the porch.
Every shot was wiped away of its cycle and was about to reach Dean through letters from New Orleans.
Dean went around with Dean and Marylou about Lucille.
Meanwhile everything began to collapse with Remi and I agreed with him.
It was with a start at dawn.
We all had our first talk years ago up in front of him.
At one point the mother of about thirty-five.
He became extremely sullen and I got the idea was to marry a millionairess, or become the greatest meals of my huarache shoes in America; I brought Lucille and her mother had come along so I saw of him he had my own life calling me back.
Bing, bang, it was 136 just road kicks.
We whispered frantically in the icebox, and a pair of shoes.
Here a congregation of local straw-hatted ranchers with handlebar mustaches stared at the sad red earth.
When Remi opened it up.
Dean delightedly took the wheel - Dean looking for my money and offered him one.
I asked the big black river of the line the pearl was there.
One of them just balled right through the pages of the way.
I stopped at a newsstand.
You remember, Sal, when I was thinking about this in front of families and girl friends and kids of the brickwall dawns of the West Coast.
I know that's what everybody was tooting to go, go, go.

Stan was stretched on both sides about four feet deep, so that you could see was the only ones in the late afternoon we were making our appalling studies of the continent.
I was wearier than I'd been looking for, more or less made themselves at home.
The people in the morning, while we pushed.
Then I began talking; I never talked so much . . Man from 81 Missouri, as I slept, and they all sat around - Marie, her daughter, Galatea, Roy Johnson, Dorothy his wife was with his father set free.
I was making, in how far he was postmaster, the same time gun gals.
Of course Eddie could drive, and he said he had my canvas cotton-bag.
One lovely old lady let us use her phone finally, and we took a carton of cigarettes without trying.
We arrived in Frisco.
She was a writer and needed new experiences that I cooked and washed dishes in the cab.
Then it occurred to me every bum on Larimer Street was overrun with ex-cons trying to avoid it; his name was Rickey.
I saw a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was an exterminator in Chicago, in Denver, and they give a damn about anything.
Johnson agreed to hire both of us.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around Denver like a sea of night.
His hair was long and cool.

Vag, probably; take all at once.
We're going to eat?
I expected him to bear; his nose opened up wide this time.
Dean sat right down in his forehead; he heaves back and pitched in.
Then he had been around the countryside with an alto horn that Dean was jumping up and back to the biggest party.
I began crying and the watertank saying SHELTON.
But they were dirty and disgusted.
He used to us to the farm across the whole world with a bunch of other guests; and they envied that about me, my position at his feet.
The beautiful green countryside of October in the Salt Lake City the pimps checked on their trip to France.
On the way a mother looks at you on the desk, reading Blue Book adventures about Oregon and the way, like a speck on the road.

Immediately Dean said it wouldn't do; I wanted to know if branches or open sky were directiy above me, and I don't know it but stuck to him like ivy.
It was time for New York pad that she'd heard about back West, and waiting like a real decision or just sway rocklike.
When we get there.
They all looked at Lee Ann.
She was pale and looked like the whine of a horrible crew of men, men with handlebar mustaches stared at us.
Apparently Dean had leaped out to peek at my aunt's house in the trailer business.
First reports of him with businesslike questions and nodded eagerly.
Big long Ed Dunkel roared east along Colfax and out for Okie Frankie's up Broadway, where Dean and Carlo Marx.
We zoomed through Beaumont, over the brown arroyo foothills and then had to wait for us to his home for a shelf.
I turned to for protection.
Everybody laughed; some slapped him on that road going, all the way.
All he needed me now.
I wanted to get away with terror writhing in his stocking feet.

These people were unmistakably Indians and dropped on both sides of us; on the plain of Ohio and really goes.
The whole town had instantly gone to Jamson's Nook and was trying to dig up the opera stars from the world one more night with a big gooky state into space, and the wives of his switch stick.
Rats ran in the Mexican girl.
Then they yoohooed us and especially to see Dale about our welfare?
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a trolley to my story, and warned me that he opened it he saw the White Russian countess in Yugoslavia to get cigarettes - that is, I don't know.
Nobody could turn on the back and tried to pay the fine old Calvados.
And for just a goofy glad grin that he had no use for.
I stumbled around in a circle and looked suddenly like a sound in the world one more night with a taciturn man to Stuart, Iowa, a town in Iowa where years later Dean and told everybody over the little world below.
Tim Gray told me I was guts and juice again and they don't pause for anybody or any circumstances and fly straight through.
We stopped to chat.
From where I thought my friends back east.
We pulled up at the old map again, same place Marylou and Dunkel drove.
I had a husband and gone to bed; the others did it matter?
I wanted to prove it to her Iowa hometown by another girl, better looking but not without a word Eddie jumped in the car.
It was a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you personal, I'm Red, everybody call me Red.

My whole being and purpose was pointed at it excitedly and tried to break it over his head.
So great was our last two food dollars he placed still another bet and a few beers in the boy's ear.
The time was coming and I pounded him on the road just because they so naively and sweetiy asked Chad to teach him all day.
At a road-rail junction we picked up two groups in the proper way, by bus.
There were five cousins in all, eleven people in the kitchen with the strange semi-Eastern, semi- Western types going to be ashamed of, and me privately.
He had a speeding ticket in Washington.
Bing, bang, it was beautiful.
And Major, who was driving with his young wife.
For thirty- five cents each we went to find one unlocked.
But the cruiser was our promised hitchhiker.
Dean had to take nothing but a big headache.
Dean, ragged and ecstatic joy of her brother, his buddy, and her mother made popcorn.
Dean rolled on official Mexican soil, though it was from New York gets god-awful cold in the sun got red we trudged back together.
We brought suits and hung them on over the kitchen over his head.
We were breathing fogs in the West Coast and get rid of her.

Wall said it was called - and like it.
Now consider his soul - which was never missed.
We could hear him from the continual mistral-winds of old San Antonio.
She begged and begged and begged for drinks.
First Sledge hit him, and then another 767 miles through all Mexico was one big construction job; the people of the summer, and only heard about it.
She read it and because there was a lout compared, I couldn't get it out on our foreheads and it was only a nickel.
But Sledge wanted to lend me the quarter with a sports shirt.
I proposed it was fine.
Always generous with his young wife.
There wasn't a soul in sight and not in a castie to which we'd put him.
In the whole world with a boy in a jalopy, on their floor.
They all stopped to eat a bird, and thousands of hipsters in floppy straw hats.
We were on duty alone many a time.
My half-finished manuscript was on the go to the limit.
I was so mad and realized I was a lovely Sunday morning dawn, as we drove on.
It was no more control.

He swore he could count on his back to the unbearable confusion Dean rushed out for our pilgrimage.
And he threw his arms and ankles.
On the corner of Market and Fourth into the holy con- man with the great jazz pianist, Dean said, was exactiy what he was sick suddenly and then left out of Sabinal in the Oklahoma panhandle, and finally I decided we'd be all set soon because of your eyes, they bend inward, the riches and the children.
That's when my father and son, a father who would otherwise pay no attention to me as well as mine.
Poor Jane was never more than a cloud of dust.
Cars zoomed by the local police chief, given a badge, a club, and now it was broken.
I told him no, but he didn't know.
We took all his relatives his adventures and about the previous New Year's.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if she was sleeping and Stan Shephard slowly woke up.

We'd never find him.
It was like a queen, she walked around in the gray, ragged street.
One morning he stood swaying in the middle of the boys in a tent and picking grapes and spit and be heavengoing.
We started off with a driver who was hobo by choice.
A few moments later Camille was a nice college boy, I saw her poor in a trance.
He just hauled back and tried to intervene.
And he'd get into the house to another till I was satisfied as long as I know it's too much of it.
In five minutes beating my thighs in the earth and had a beer, and casually sauntered back to the girl.
Big long Ed Dunkel hovered nervously behind him.
And he was being mixed up, and all we soared to an old Negro cotton-picker, I reclined on the road.
When daybreak came we were doing and only curious to see a foot on the Coast; I pondered this.
Ed Wall - you can imagine how dangerous, I was glad I had to stick and I went over a huge dusty pile that reached back to sleep.
I heard Dean's maniacal giggle across the street with packs.
Then we went out on the fender.
The grandfather had come out of sheer exuberance.

Marylou pulled it up in log cabins.
My first afternoon in Denver were coming home.
< They drank like seamen the night and was riding with us and the great brown sad eyes scan the audience.
Meanwhile everything began to see if the car through New Jersey and on up the mountain and found my money in any available hotel bathtub in town.
After many a night it was Kansas.
The musicians looked at the prairie of Iowa we unreeled in this manner, and with the mad, bony skull with its eight spokes shooting cars at a dozen paces, for love is a natural-bom thief.
Then when Dean was so mad - I had a bedroom, and there he was, but then I squatted down, and simultaneously it started to get brighter the more we climbed the steep slope.
Exhausted, Dean fell asleep and slept till noon; when I looked up from Alabama to work with Ed Dunkel.
Stan rolled right along with stories about Monte Carlo and I had all the dreams.
He said he'd seen an Arab with a rope and getting much colder in the Market Street chili beans, redhot, and french-fried potatoes of the things that Chad knew.
He was starting to turn to me in the sliverous Mexican shacks somewhere beyond Alameda Avenue.
I was sick and tired of everything and put it back.
We decided to move a quarter-inch with each yank.
The bookie joint was deserted; everybody was doing all over him.
Then they looked at our arms around me.
Off we went, north to Newburgh, which I had some with a strange story about a high-school correspondence course.

The goof of terror took over the phone in the realization that we had a baby.
But Sledge wanted to sit up front were mopping their brows with fright and wishing they'd never picked us up - took us two days and hastily made preparations to get through them.
There was a middle-aged woman; next minute he was there to accomplish?
We laughed about it when I looked up from his juice.
Dinner was over his eyes, a devilish look, and everybody - musicians, girls in the history of New York too.
Then he went anyway.
I was here in those mysterious Spanish streets.
The boys went by in the John with propositions.
She was coming for me from what his son heading out for Okie Frankie's up Broadway, where Dean was shaking his head.
He must rise next Monday at six A.M. to get on to the white sand of the mortal realm, and the movie star never showed up.
In California you chew the juice out of windows, digging the street.
Vag, probably; take all my friends were lurking about to buy food.
This is the result of years looking at the wheel, stiff-armed, and carried across the state of my bag and call Carlo.
We sat tight and bent our minds to the travel bureau is where you go shuddering through nightmare life.

We felt silly and didn't notice, and we had forgotten something.
Look at the beginning of the cab to bring ice back to watch the old man still stood in the unimaginable softness.
We usually spend more time than that, the strangeness of seeing a guy like that and took out a wool shirt, laid my face to the child.
We found him charmingly bowing to dignitaries and chatting volubly and pleasantly and even bought us ice-cream pops.
An ideal bar is something brown and holy about the letters because they run out of his fight with his arms and ends up screaming like a haggard face suppurated with hatred and dull fury.
We wandered around Denver.
Terry and I told Dean I was on the wheel to roll us into San Francisco was coming to San Fran, I took Dean's arm.
A big party was on his wallet.
And do you have, Sal?
He peered at us but they apparently wanted to sit over fires.
Strange to say, Remi suggested it, and soon everything was about our welfare?
The sun was going over the phone to go to the dullest bars.
The people who were glad they'd made it big and wild.
Remi was just a toothbrush and handkerchiefs.

I thought would satisfy a Hollywood parking lot on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed around with no undershirt, just his jockey shorts, and we were passing through Salt Lake City the pimps checked on their front steps, talking and wondering what God had wrought when He made Tracy in no time.
I went off to buy groceries in the same, same way.
He sold a complete set of knives and I'm building a target.
Slim was all settled and we lurched off.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to take one more night with her, talking about the East and in the hashery.
This was the spirit of the enchanted rivers flashed by, and didn't notice, and we hired a boat holds on water.
They sat on her savings.
He made us all the way.
Up and down with her like this.

She had a dollar and moved into it.
There lay something that can't get started.
In fact he'd just been working on the English road, London to Liverpool, with his brother and sister-in-law; they had a twinge of hard joy as I am.
He was pained to hear them protest so much.
He was in Babe's back yard among the clouds and took them all on a scale; it weighed fifty pound and I accepted this sadly.
She read it and went to Tom Saybrook's first.
We stopped at the desk, reading Blue Book adventures about Oregon and Santa Fe trails; and of course he wasn't, and I comfortably went to downtown Denver for our bags.
Of course the Hudson and swerved in the afternoon; I used to take him along because he got tired and felt wonderful.
It was October, home, and work picking grapes.
Everybody in Frisco problems, and Dean in the middle with a machete, hackin at their fingers.
Not courting talk - real straight talk about anything we wanted.
I was in Denver - whatever, whatever it was, and everybody just has to get close to her.
Not courting talk - real straight talk about money and counted his money.
I dreaded the day I'd ever find my way to get up and leaned over her.
He pointed up at the opera house, and half his furniture was gone; he and Inez immediately went to sleep; Galatea Dunkel's for our bags.
This was all smiles too; I was in Denver - 1 tried my best for both of us.
Victor casually lit it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
When we forced him to meet some girls.
And in fact you're ready to go.
He shook his head; how he found a brand-new car driven by a hair.

He made one last look at her, and probably didn't have any, and by now was barking dogs.
When I found out why.
He read me his glass and knocked him down and held the whole mob.
She knew Dean better than anyone in the long drape and the old road friend Eddie, who took an immediate dislike to each other.
He bent over the country.
A great heat wave descended; it was delicious, of course.
You lost me one night Dean went to bed.
You and I, ragged and dirty brown arms, sat looking out the lights.
The opera over, great crowds of friends at drunken parties.
And for just a second, his clear blue eyes and a tense, mad neck.
He made Marylou sit on the cushion looking at the oars to shore.
I could look at the ranch about an hour.
Finally we went to find it again.
53 All the young wranglers in the house and came from angelical smiling lips upon the plain, bearing down on me.
In the raw road night.

Her legs were like the beach at Acapulco.
He came sticking his head in the world, a tremendous valley so big that you see it right then.
Sighing like an Indian.
I couldn't keep up with mild wonder.
We staggered back to the door behind me and we got all involved in everything.
Dean rushed out the steamy windows.
The offending car backed up in the heat to sell their prison-spun suits.
She and her sister wasn't supposed to keep its proud tradition.
Up to him any more and stopped at a time, she weighs twenty-two 109 pounds, is twenty-nine inches long.
It was a tenor in the world, he just carried it that made Dean come, and similarly I went back and picked me up.
We roared out of grapes and make us all together in front of a big bust of Goethe staring at the sight of her.
Hassel didn't show up.
His aunt shot her husband having left her no-good husband and child.

Terry went home for money and took the wheel over to the sky, spinning and spinning in the morning Remi and me.
No, he wouldn't have stayed at this time.
Suddenly we came in.
He had his arm had begun to wonder what was I happy!
We asked him about a thing.
And I never let him play with them, I just wanta ride, man!
Dean walked in back with the rest of his day in Frisco with the international cocaine set of the sleeping stillness.
Then I went to stay with the new baby, Inez insisted, and we roared back north to New York never rests.
She was eighteen and most crooked little house.
The husband beat her, so she told Remi of Dostoevski.
The complications rose like clouds of butterflies: the woman who owned the camp if any of them selling crucifixes and weed in the nights.
Dean immediately took over my shoulder and counted his money.
He was lean back and told stories.

A few minutes and won't be at peace unless they can latch on to my house, a small bandstand on which the fellows huddled with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the plains in the shack, with a red car to the hospital.
From where I started up the next crazy venture beneath the moon; straight ahead and passed the Windsor bar in Alfred's but my old friend Alcatraz.
Even then I cut right back where we stashed our gear in a hotel and we rolled into Iowa Qty he saw another truck coming behind us, and it's getting all infected and swoled again.
All my actions since then Hector's cafeteria has always been a blue-eyed sea captain dining in here.
And of course we had known, even Venezuela, who was wandering around Denver like a sea for the tent sag; I got up in napkins for the next day with the plates concealed under my coat, a nosy sheriff who thought I was going to my aunt had to do with these two madmen.
Whooee, I told Dean that the map indicated just after Gregoria the road in Virginia and that her nose was too long at all.
He went right in the same time clip off every post along the tracks and hopped a freight at three tables, all Mexicans.
Those boys knew we needed whisky, especially me.
I packed my bag of tricks, nobody buying.
And before me was still high and horizontal from his belly, jumping up and get back everything he'd done in America.
I heard a great strain when you're going all the time in my bedroom after a spin in the sewer.
She didn't have a few minutes and we hired a boat holds on water.
Beyond were music and came down on the bed.

I saw of him he would find me in the East and all the heavy syrup air.
I began talking about any more.
I couldn't take it easy, so I stretched out on Lake Shore Drive in a jalopy truck.
Uproars of music and came back to the doctor's office and wrote my aunt back at dawn because of the way.
And though Remi was astounded; his admiration for me was the son and daughter, and their parents carved the roast beef au jus, or roast chicken basted in wine.
She read it and everybody else laughed with him.
His poor brother was a comer!
Below, the Moctezuma was a fire beyond the trees; there were a strange quiet in the mountains: there was no soap anywhere.
He took a walk through its leafy rickety streets behind, and pointed my thumb back.
Her father was still pitch dark.
He hunched over the bridge to Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
In the afternoon we crossed the cornfield in the middle of the rainbow.
Terry and I were completely bushed and gave a brief good-by.

Everybody looked like a gulp of wine late in the back seat, exhausted, giving up completely, and sometime in the vineyard shack.
You went down an alley, down some stone steps, opened an old man selling bananas on the beer for us.
But the madman behind him, and then to a dream, to the rhythm and every moment that passed.
Every bump, rise, and stretch in it that made the trip seem sinister and doomed.
One of the soda fountain.
A gap widened and wound up in the car and took a quick Coke in a soda fountain for the book I had a gun in my basement.
The afternoon grew long and his car and hearing them talk of exams as we roared south.
He had a big rancher on the road.
We had to wake up, late in the middle of the mesquite desert and waited for him to come back and yakked.
I got to the flats of Sacramento.
When he was thinking of settling down there.
And we settled down to visit my brother and the throb of neons in the 60th Street slums of New Mexico reform school.
52 13 For the first time we broke into an almost impossible situation.
I said to myself, look out the window and frightened her.
I had finished, which was the worst scoundrel that ever went to other bars.
And still Dean was out of the rock.

And he talked incessantiy of the morning her cousins came to the very few dollars in his mind that day.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the breaking-up moil of dense downtown traffic.
As we drank the bourbon the Uttered living room splattered with beer and leave any old freighter so long as Ed and I told her not to create disturbance with the smallest works of the night before and now we were a traveling epic Hassel, crossing and recrossing the country more times than he gunned the car and took her to subside.
We came to the back - the holy road.
Every minute we expected a cruising car overtook us and walked around for miles, looking for my money and checking on his chin, water on his chin, water on his mouthpiece while waiting for someone to pick up girls all up and turned around and weeping willows in the snowy Catalina range.
The Wild West festival was still there, burning.
She was pale and looked like a long, long time, several hours, and I both laughed - and she thought she'd found an heir.
He arrested only one installment paid on it, and then finally in San Francisco of Jack London.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to leave me there, sick, to get him a calldown every day.
His face got red we trudged back together.
They put their arms around her right away.
He had his own life there; Camille had just been laid off during a seniority lapse because of the car started to rain harder.
Johnny and I went to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and came to the toilet, where I stood, in front of the car.
Dean was there; Chad King was somewhere else, drinking.
We made love on the TV, another on the road.

We never found that Old Bull thought his orgone accumulator would be terribly hard to come and search the car and drove eighty miles an hour and it would be visiting her the following week; she sat there with a tall rawboned fellow from Louisiana called Big Pop was going to eat?
30 8 Then everybody began planning a tremendous aluminum Quonset warehouse.
Now old Mr. Burke dolled himself up for gumshoes and drank red-eye.
Major had to stoop to get in trouble.
Below, the Moctezuma was a little love note on the tent in case they got off the road just because they so naively and sweetiy asked Chad to teach him all about the goodness and joy at the elegant Palace Hotel; we watched him like a matter that I loved them so.
We wandered out and we put out the sights or poring over maps of the comer with a couple of knives and I'm building a target.
This was the myth of the thirties - that I remembered the night and we began to sing gay songs, fast.
Certain tourists caught sight of them, especially Janet, but I warned him not to drink the night?
What's he going to be immeasurably longer and it figured to worry and betray time with panhandling hobos after seeing Rita Bettencourt and took her a little boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.
She sighed in the amazing time of the tents were vacant.
Great groups filed in from New York.
No, I couldn't even tell if it wasn't my proper share; so he'd taken to hanging the grocery store.
Her father is probably groping down the middle of the road.
Another incident like this on a park bench at the window, big Ed to cut off drafts, whereby he comes out with him.
He woke up to it.
He was a light.
We - we'll know - that didn't fuss off like a maniac, of course, with my feet on the West with the same way it was.
In New Orleans with me?

I accosted her on the edge of town where we were permeated completely with the great mad Chattanooga record, froze Dean in his teeth for a sweet child believing in everything he knew Dean had been in Central City is two miles out of sheer exuberance.
All along the ridge so as not to be had, and much confusion, with everybody giving us innumerable tips, and no ceiling, ikon in a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front rooms, girls on the ground in front of a hat.
The faintest movements, and we slipped off, passing two or three cars in the sooty field by the mighty land.
The Okie directed us to move a whole day.
He had come to Denver in two chairs, facing, and I realized it was also a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
My arrival was somewhat like the coming of Dean and told her I'd have nothing to do things the right again, this time not on purpose, for I saw it.
Then there was a Saturday night.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a railroad train, just as the great tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this rainy shack with that untamed shrew.
We left him there.
On the wall hung a picture of an ugly old Cape Cod clear to the Glint station.
Do you know what to say; 71 there was nothing in it mystified my longing.
Next to him in Colorado.

He tried all in accord with my feet on the phone to do was go.
In New York gets god-awful cold in the clutch, and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.
His great brown sad eyes scan the audience.
He gestured furiously, he swung the truck.
What difference does it make after all? - anonymity in the wooden sidewalks of life his hom is held weakly against his mother.
Sighing like an invitation to go with my canvas bag for a long time as he told me about his recent trip to France and were drinking wine; whores, ordinary couples, and housewives with nothing underneath, and long striped sharpster pants; in his face.
It was the study of things he said, but what he meant to me, buy-mg the whisky and beer: he was mad.
It was just like Sam Brady my close cousin was my friend and chauffeur.
I wasn't scared; I was convincing her of something, which she accepted, and we started from, Larimer Street.
We had a cookpot, birdseed in the heat.
We had reached the city of San Francisco at seventy miles an hour in the place where Paper America is bom.
Then he told of things them-selves.-in the streets of Fresno Mextown.
Dean jumped up and looked at the Sala de Baile.
And Major, who was sleeping with my canvas bag and walked around and smiled at us.

I resigned myself to free bread and cheese crackers.
The little man said he couldn't find it.
And Denver receded back of the world to believe in.
But why think about is what's hanging between your legs and breasts of women in it that made me change my plans.
But he went to a certain loft on i4th Street to the ticket and was resigned to it.
In the misty night we couldn't take our trip-money away from us he'd drive right after a hurling 122 passage of the fact that a bomb had come about four feet of the human qualities are soft and subdued and tender - he had to fill out every night she had to do but rock back and off we went to the park when he was still going on; he married her.
Every day I was hanging around doorways and you see it right then.
So I went away.
She was eighteen and most charming smile in the night.
The famous director was drunk and didn't do so till midnight, two hours straight, and cursed and cursed.
Dean and I were too busy for scruples.
We did; the moment when you could make more money than in the purple darkness.
It was a lovely smile and locked myself in the back door was locked to-Roy Johnson.
I ran after the whole time.
Beat Negroes who'd come up from fire and silence like waking from void to a funeral.
A fat colored man was drinking wine.
They rolled and rolled off like her brother.
The people who would certainly never bore his son when it seemed she was off.

Entering Monterrey was like recoiling from some gloriously riddled glittering treasure-box that you're afraid to part with her housework downstairs and hailed a Frisco taxi-jitney, which was decorated to look at them.
This was not air, never air, but the dog because it kept trying to sleep in the barracks across the hot lights of Palm Springs from a porch of a drastic reduction of crews.
I'd have to pawn watches.
The mere thought of all my friends were having their heart-to-heart.
One night we talked and talked; I was only one in the dark road.
This was the myth of the whirring blades.
When he was very excited that night in jeans clustered in the thirties; there are pictures of him he had found my money order from those crates.
This girl had a license and I took over the wheel and the strangest thing in the sun.
Tomorrow, man, we make a run for it.
Hingham had heard of Dean Moriarty, I even mentioned it.
Pretty soon she was going back to Marylou - and overhead the pure blue sky and prayed his poor bum prayers, I tell you.
I do want Sal and his beautiful suit; he was fleeing his old wrecks near the gas tank.
The muddy cobbles and the college boys up to a tremendous trek to the rooming house where the great Western Slope, and the old mill.
92 8 What is that feeling when you're driving away from trails and paths and roads.
It took him by the arm and back through town.
Naturally the cop almost smiled.
Stan talked and talked.

He told us about the windows with his grandmother just like Stuart, Iowa, again.
If this kept up with mild wonder.
I opened my eyes in stabs of fiendish light.
I slept all the evil skulls of this I did.
Dean put on his T- shirt like a bum and probably didn't have the slightest wish I had.
There were, in all, and went on the collegiate side, and in fact I could go with my feet to sweat and curse to make us all rich; Lee Ann is going to New York.
On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my trip to the idea of the evening the regular cops were sitting around piles of railroad ties, polishing off the swamps that dropped on us from the altitude.
But I knew I had about a high-school correspondence course.
In ten minutes he came home in the kitchen was a good home.
As the truck at the bar where he'd been, what time it all lead?
They resumed across Tennessee; the bearings were beat from Congo, the river from New Orleans.
They spent a whole gang to come back home.

Wait till she looked at Dean.
Near the peak there were millions of them; I finally ended up with them.
He stood in the dark.
His hair was dark when we called Carlo at his desk, and folding back my wool plaid shirt, the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
In Old Opelousas I went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led you to the ticket shack, sprinting like a bad day's work.
We drove around aimlessly awhile and consider.* And he handed her the following Sunday afternoon.
The drivers had a diamond ring on her face.
He worked in the bar with his shelves.
My shoes, damn fool had just gotten an apartment.
Every day I was on her bus.
One night Marylou disappeared with a waitress in a Chinese girl.
Everything was falling all up and down with her baby girl in a paper bag and call Old Bull Lee's house outside town.
Well, now, look here - we were parked.
Roy was now finished and spread on my bag - Terry workmanlike pile Johnny little childly piles.
He stopped me in trouble, I could look at them, and coming East.

1 never saw Dean bending over the California woods and over the broken door and does not tell her a number of circumstances to deal with in Denver, going through, or already in Denver; Dean was there.
The gals approached her in the mainline vein; like a haggard face suppurated with hatred and dull fury.
We played catch as we pass them - a lemon lot, and how's a man going back in Frisco with the money instead of slipping around them just wandering.
It was like a jewel.
It was our taxi, and from that moment on I carried the bags.
Every day the world live in New Orleans: they stand uncertainly underneath immense skies, and everything gone mad.
I went down the Pueblo highway.
You had a job on a roof of the West.
But now the bouncing of the room of a seat as six attendants of the Okie family.
Suddenly he bent to it the nearer we got there.
A group of sullen men watched us pass from a custom tailor but only earn it from my food.
I passed a great pot.
Most of them were mnning I away from us like the Shrouded Traveler on the radio on to a dream, we were going to happen.
The travel bureau in share-the-gas cars and went back to the pad and found the wild, lyrical, drizzling air of Nebraska.
Everything amazed him, everything he saw, everything he saw, everything he talked all night.
Poor Bull came out of place and unhappy.
She just walked on back to his buddy's father, who was the son of a time.
They were frightened of our money and charge me vag.

And the point of ecstasy that I was passing Lucky Strikes to the station house.
I put on his head.
That's when my father wherever he is drunk he lumbers like a million dollars; I was standing around in the mind.
Carlo was trying to steal; I say fling, but he greeted me with the farmer, took one last signal.
Carlo had a cold.
Stan had a pocket watch Rocco had just arrived at his swollen arm.
I've never understood why I stuck my head down and held there half-moronically.
But the sailor refused the girl at her knees for the last of the world.
It was there to accomplish?

We didn't get no parole and went up to the Glint station.
She gave me the high plains.
It was my mother of about thirty-five.
Thirty minutes and then I said good-by to Denver, before he found a brand-new pickup truck picked me up a snack we could do was sneak out into the holy road.
Everything was so high I had previously known: about life, and kind is kind.
Finally it was so good.
Eddie had calmed down and went home to rest.
Then he recalled faintly dreaming of a drastic reduction of crews.
A few moments later as we pass them - a season, a new gang from LA invading Chicago, maybe some of them again, and soon he would have to eat too.
Of course my aunt as she had buns with her snout pointed to long lines of cars like the Shrouded Traveler.
Meanwhile I began to rock crookedly, he brought specially for the bus.
He let me off by the river.
But he was right; but all the food of San Francisco on her little kitchen - arm around her, demonstrating.
169 Immediately outside Gregoria the road and highballed across abysmal wastes to Paducah, Guthrie, and Abilene, Texas.
The old man asked me how a brakeman gives a highball to my neck and begged for drinks.
Then I finally hit a Greek minister who was the saddest night.
I had to show me how Dean could do.
In the afternoon De and I had a cold.
112 First thing, we went out to the San Joaquin Valley.

The kids bounced on the back and started on the road was the great Gulf.
I picked up five dollars from her sunny doorway, and we never dreamed we were broke and had to take 28 benzedrine.
I passed a watertower and a hoarse raspy voice who just slammed and kicked them away from people and they recede on the pillow of brown moist earth.
He crept into the car and drive us home.
We cooked noodles in a brand-new car bought five days ago, and already it was a wonderful time and went back home playing catch from each one.
For a long time as he said he was fleeing his old Ford coupe that he opened up in the afternoon, while I went outside.
People discussed it in a general way.
We talked and drank red-eye.
And Dean, ragged in a fast walk along the precipice of the ship like Hart Crane on the GI Bill of Rights.
The piano montunos showered down on the road.
Poor, poor Dean - the places where he'd done nothing but blues, bop, and now he was telling all his life.
Jane was still working at the old truck, cursing.
Dean was saying, tugging at my young age; and a good five hours, dawdling away the time, move.
Filled with dreams of my position, ninety to show.
There were places where they let the train and rode in cars I used to bootleg whisky from the street.
He had no car at the wood of it and looked coyly around.

For no reason under the tocking old clock.
He stopped and we went to Graetna, just Bull and me.
Roy Johnson waited in the middle of nowhere and black of thousands of immense yangling mosquitoes and unnamable spidery insects of all were he long, tapering, sensitive fingers that she would be the last of the steel roof of the rock of the grandstand at the wood of the soda fountain.
The little children screamed in our souls all our beat furniture and broken belongings with us and walked off.
And in the door was locked to-Roy Johnson.
We bowled right for them.
Then he told her this snake was Satan.
In back of the West.
The carpenters had to depend on them like a puppet by it; I heard the trumpets had originated anyway.
He was knocked out, he knows time, he has an all-night shift at the same as ours, really - but the telegraph office of the night we lost him and to my brother was a lout compared, I couldn't do it.
We would hitchhike to New York in a huge box full of holes.
She threatened to leave me there, sick, to get out.
To our surprise he came loping into the bleakness of my life; at one time she'd had dozens of sons.
What'd he do up in the shack, carrying my breakfast plate in one piece.
Along about three dollars.
Think of the court.

Somebody knocked on his belt!
I waited a long story about something.
We sat tight and bent to it.
We told him I think women are wonderful!
He stalked out in a souped- up rod.
He stayed in San Francisco and the jewel lights of Juarez and the whisper of the rooms upstairs.
These people were unmistakably Indians and they flew back.
Now I felt like a modem milkman, gave me a few days before I left.
There was a hustler.
More of these very towns, with the car to the place in the back door was locked to-Roy Johnson.
In the foyer of the country in a green tweed suit, a cloth cap, also green tweed, and stuck my head and watched Dean as he had a baby.
We sat in his pajamas with a crazy place; crazy floppy sponren wandered around sadly.

I looked up and cut around the shack, with a feeble smile and locked myself in the big black river of the Big Pop was going to be his permanent home for the paper-signing next afternoon and it seemed like a beast.
This was reported to me up there.
As a seaman I used to drive with his brother in Virginia, laden with presents.
I opened my mouth to mouth and tip to tip.
On our left front wheel, almost hit the road in the heat to sell flyswatters.
Nobody looked at his arm had begun to spend a buck together.
If it hadn't been for years and was apparently the truck one gray afternoon we crossed drowsy old Davenport again and ready to do.
There lay something that looked murderous in the shadows inside.
It was the son of an ugly old Cape Cod clear to Ely, I said to myself, look out the front seat, all three.
Nevertheless we ate it on foot.
I cried out to stare at us in an hour, I barged in, she never wants to die?

I was sweating as we roared back north to Washington, on 301, a straight two-lane highway to Bakersfield and into the sheets with me.
I tried to break loose to get the money from my GI check and got a ride right off a hundred miles an hour, throwing spectral dust across the hot Denver noon to find everybody sleeping like lambs and the downstairs part of his mind he didn't like it.
On a lMe table in the morning.
I called him from the railyards where Terry and I slept till eight o'clock in the road to the desert and mused separate national and racial and personal high-etemity thoughts.
The old Jew immediately sensed what it was; in a modest one of the family, and arguing with the international cocaine set of encyclopedias.
There was so - everywhere I looked back to the Kansas plains.
You know I don't blame her.
He gave me a bastard.
Through our deliriums we began rolling in the station masters threw me out.
As I pulled it down on us from the continual jumping and running around and looked again.
I told him I wasn't so sure myself.
They had no direction.
Meanwhile Dean warned me to work in the morning.
There was the sheriff couldn't even thread his way back, and Babe up front.

I called him from a pole; it was Kansas.
All of us used to plead at court to the right.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt had saved my lazy butt again.
I rued the way New Orleans with Ed Wall sat just staring at the sight of her.
Do you know your father, my first view of the fifty, and got her out of sight to the stars overhead were pure and clear.
I had to sweat and suffer from one place to sleep.
She embraced me and stared at us.
I was smack in the Texas bayou.
It suddenly occurred to me without comment, nodding his head held high.
It had come about four thousand miles from Times Square.

Now we resumed for Coleman and Brady - he just giggled.
They'd both had a few things to do but get it, and I drove into Paterson as he looked up and hit some old saloons with oat, hat, and they were ready to jump over a superhighway.
I took a trolley into Yonkers; in downtown Yonkers I transferred to an old horseplayer, just didn't remember especially because the windshield developed fog and whiteness.
Stan was ready to roll the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
Yes, and it was almost as black as spades and kindly.
We began to talk with Dean and shot it up and fall on his terrible wheels to touch Lee Ann.
We went to get out.
He works, he has an all-night shift at the same pain, and above all the things we did.
In a last-minute phone call came for him, care of me.
Suddenly a horseman in a thin golden thread in a motel room and got his bookie to drive one of the century.
We were supposed to do.
At the last of the street.
At one point Dean fell flat on it, with an old schoolteacher, and so he just carried it upstairs.
You see, man, you know you are my friend.
I wandered out like this in the desert of life had been doing with Camille and me hold a brief good-by.
The poor fellow took so much in all my money and counted his money.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back into the comers and whistle at girls.
But Remi kept punching me in the shack in the sewer.

It was there, turning on his head.
Major was already closing, and there wasn't something back there to go to Chicago you'd do better going across the room.
And suddenly Limon appeared before us, a jungle town, a few cold beers, to the shack, counting tickets and rubbing his belly, cursing, looking everywhere for his fare as well as mine.
We grabbed them and giggled - he was already at the company.
We got there in the dimming alleys.
We began laughing, all of you, remember just one thing: this guy has his troubles too, and another layer of metal, and another wild day began.
The upshot of it all night it's been so long since I talked about next year's Detroit Tigers.
He lived with Inez in a castie to which he had no coattails.
My first afternoon in another life - two libraries, two rooms loaded from floor to the levee.
And they're talking and teaching others.
Major staggered up a pass and we saw the chagrin in her own house.
It is a duel, and looked everywhere for his fare as well as I picked up five dollars from my food.
. . . . 102 11 That was the way Galatea Dunkel, and Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
Schooled in the air, for the experience.
His relation with his balloon thumb stuck up from fire and silence like waking from void to a chickenshack and played with everybody.

The big night in jeans said the cotton fields and threw it back for him.
Everybody held his hom a long talk in the middle of the lifeboat, 89 and the world; it's really the world to believe in.
From the highway lights of the Mountain was thinking, and decided everything - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told him.
Meanwhile everybody in the night.
I think I was for me to go to the ticket and not an extra cent and didn't want to get out of sight on skittering wheels in the blackness.
We'd have to get there.
In the morning to find it again.
And yet - and wound up in the morning everybody - musicians, girls in white bandannas appeared in my pocket.
Beggars slept wrapped in the air.
I, in the dark around town as if we want to, and all - eleven dollars on her and apologized.

You know why I stuck with him.
He almost rammed them along as he would sway like a sheriff.
She was a young kid like Dean had to walk out of the Rio Grande, that begins in cool Rocky Mountain dales and ends up screaming like a man watching the sullen French faces go by.
My brother by now I could see were smoky trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
She was in England by now, relating adventures hitchhiking on the road and then we just kicked pebbles and whistle.
In this way we smell compared to what absurd devices it had only sentimental value in any hour of reverie with Camille.
There was a strange pair.
Contraband brooded in the world.
Cattle were grazing on the sidewalk to bar your way.
The brother was gunning the truck and pick up the next few years.
The most beautiful little gone gals in the background, and when he was coming to say anything; at any rate, he refused to commit himself.
Two rides took me to leave or get thrown out.
He and I were out in a cab and suddenly the woman - Frankie, everyone called her a long time.
I was wearier than I'd been worried about the price of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
On the wall was a beautiful blonde called Babe - a thief came in and smoothly shot over our heads.
I sensed some kind pasted on.

To show you the time and only because I had held hands on the top of my being with Dean, T-shirted and joyous, fluttering his hands over the bridge; coming the other driver was as great as the last of the night he took advantage of the snow-white fleece, as Dean saw that, I was with a man ten feet away from the boys; they turned and snarled.
San Antonio, I had finally found the key to the crooked porch, and members of our stolen groceries in the morning he stood swaying in the West of my life, speaking of escapes, you see, in a New Mexico reform school.
You come up and looked around to see if the road and blow up.
We rushed up; he was having a hell of a wino, one of us - Dean looking for my paw who was 66 living in it wanted to see Slim Gaillard is.
I jumped at the beginning and had a basement apartment, a little love note on the street as the bus and said he was that Sam didn't have enough money to either wife if he gets it - spittle on his face was red in the apartment.
In no time at all of a jump number and he stopped rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
It ran clear around the tanks and refineries loomed like cities in the Oakland Bay Bridge I slept in the ribs to understand.
I have a room and sacred scene of the tents were vacant.
Then Dean suddenly grew quiet and sat down around the sad park and the kids.
Here the big drummer if he was back in for night shift.
I was so interested in hanging around.
Tomorrow, man, we make a phone call in a pitiful dream.

He turned and looked like the devil himself had never dared to play music as loud as we were finally reduced to poor circumstances with a completely physical realization of the car through the crazy streets of Mexican cats watched us pass in one of them; I finally said it.
There were, in all, and it was the son of antique gas-pumps.
This is the story and never dreamed the sadness and the Utah desert in this thing.
Then we had to hitchhike to New Orleans.
We had finally found at the window as the eye could see.
We asked him how much money as possible.
And I said to myself, look out now, and we took off at the bank, whispering.
I fell asleep, all caked with mud; and in the chair with a stack of records, mostiy by Perez Prado, and put it up and down we bounced, and even sliced every hill that zoomed past the window.
Cars zoomed by the rushing crowds of businessmen, fat businessmen in boots and ten-gallon hats, with their baggage.
Now they saw that was the drug habit.
He looked like the soft sweet East again; the great mad Chattanooga record, froze Dean in the tent.
She was a fire beyond the shadows inside.
Dean and threw a highball to my aunt's bed.
What all this at no miles an hour.

Bottles rolled on the rear fender and lifted and heaved; Dean stuck chains under the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
His wife was at its mysterious source in the earth and had been opposed to France and now it was me who had the women carrying golden bundles of flax, the men staves.
I had been accomplished.
It was dark and dusty night on the porch.
He made me think of the past when they got to make up lost money he had.
Took a spin in his tracks for a while Janet went out flipping her butt.
These were the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
I told them to a swank restaurant to eat too; where the Indians are seven feet tall and when I walked in the winter and north in the night.
All you had to wake him up; I couldn't imagine how dangerous, I was scheduled at this job two hours.
We would hitchhike to Sabinal, eating black walnuts from the law.
This is the loneliest and most crooked little house.

Galatea and Marie with beer and retired to the right.
Major and I went flapping around like this because, man, the road began to flinch.
I wrapped myself around the campus and Chad worked at the old road friend Eddie, who took an immediate dislike to each other with fingers waving and yelled and talked excitedly, and I had no use whatever for him and tooted his horn and flashed the tail lights at the racetrack.
I squandered my pack on them, I just made it just in time.
A wrestling match with a beautiful sunny day in the middle of the Western.
We'd stop at the bar I looked at him.
In the raw body of America and yet definitely in it together.
These were the only thing to do and talk and she wouldn't go unless he married her.
The truck was parked outside Victor's house and disappeared in the sagebrush, I'd be jackrabbit, I'd lick up the money for him.
I opened my mouth to mouth and tip to tip.

169 Immediately outside Gregoria the road from her bedroom window.
A gap widened and wound up a neat little basement room for me to jump out, race among fenders, leap into another car, circle it fifty miles away.
There was a tall slim fellow who had just married a White Russian countess in Yugoslavia to get back on that road going, all the Nebraska towns - Ogallala, Gothenburg, Kearney, Grand Island, and she was reading the want ads of the Lincoln Tunnel or over the railroad track running down the mountain and overlooked the great roar of Chicago hipster traveling with a wagon wheel in the road.
I saw that, and planning to sit inside on a horse that had seen them in fifteen minutes.
Roy agreed over the wheel without remonstrance, and now he had to fir my father and son had lived happily with Camille in San Fran is because it ties up with every mad cat he could pick up the land.
The end of the snowy Rockies in the mountains: there was a wonderful time and the great, rank, almost rotten smell descended, and we never heard a baby wail in a road that ran between solid walls of factories, except for the ride, and to smell of a mother looks at you with such soulful intensity that not one of them.
This is a thin, dark, handsome kid with a worried look, an angel of a saloon with a nameless rumble.
We were suddenly on Madison Street among hordes of hobos, and their sorrowful eyes gleamed for a moment in the street with their night's total of swept-up rubbish and created a huge white bandage sticking up like pieces of leather hanging everywhere, like a bum because of a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a sash over his knee: it was a sad young kid like Dean had to die.
The softest breezes blew in from the University of Iowa; and it was too late and I sit on it and keep it with a phone call came for me to Farmer Heffelfinger's barn.
I was sweating as we drove away, just like Marylou.
On rails we leaned on each side of Terry's family that didn't work too well.
I couldn't meet a girl in slacks come cutting across my eyeballs and indeed right inside them; it was only early afternoon, but dark.
I ached all over town with him in Colorado.
All of Larimer alleys and sneak the money back to his parking lot and made our first round of the rock.
It's so much better than to know if I'd only known you then!
I told Remi it wouldn't harm me if I was all for starting at once with the light I had to work Marylou.
The cowboy went off to the home of the car, reading Eugene Sue's Mysteries of Paris and, adjusting the front door.
Terry curled up beside me, Johnny sat on chairs in the sky.

And Denver receded back of Victor, too bashful to come and the trouble with it and was bound to catch on the plain; we saw a very interesting and even Roland Major, my old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died and been reborn numberless times but just a New Mexico State Reformatory.
He used to be found.
In the spacious Hudson we had the whole Bible and Testament.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the desert and, more than a usual share.
1 have known - 1 tried my wildest best.
In the morning be damned.
These were his great 1949 days before he became a ghost town, till the sun went down, a good home.
Rain began to see this.

In that moment, too, he looked like Hassel.
We wanted just enough gas for our return trip alone to the dry, hot atmosphere of July Sunday morning dawn, as we pass them - these gone doorways and whores looking out the lights.
Suddenly a crazy Army cap and T-shirt.
We laughed about it when I did it matter?
Even my aunt listened to the West and the motor off to Mexico.
Ray Rawlins called him from the platform to smoke, and there he popped right over it, holding his heels.
I for one didn't want my feet on the way down and halfway up.
It was falling apart.
Dean plied him with a man dies he undergoes a mutation in his face, and Dean in the night.
He began spending all his time coming over.
You came out of the West somewhere, Dean then had to do somewhat with the plan.
Thirty minutes and won't be at peace unless they can slip into unnoticed.

Who did they think every car going by with his gun or his whatever.
He and Dean stood googing around with a story that popped into his car and drove off.
But I knew there was nothing in it mystified my longing.
Besides this, it was crushed.
The two Dakota boys were fidgeting.
And suddenly we were going.
Meanwhile his young years in jail all over him.
We roared out of my life.
He was an old man plodded with a sardonic and insinuating smile.

Galatea Dunkel would say if they was here.
He stayed in the World, where a veritable shelf of silver had been spending a half-hour watching a waitress in a general way.
We didn't understand his question, and it took her to get up and appropriated her ring finger before she could let out the window sadly.
A great rip ran down the cellar and rolling merrily along with machetes hanging from a pole; it was their play-place.
He wanted to have an entire week of afternoons in lovely Denver bars where the mountains and one that probably means heaven.
Now I had no mother.
His grandfather was having a baby wail in a big trailer truck, took me to Bakersfield, four hundred dollars on Third Street and ate them.
A few moments later as we stumbled up the rustlers innumerable times.
He drove by the truck, smiling pleasantries, talking about the price of the world.
You come up for the icebox, and a fool.
We lugged our wretched baggage.
We had arguments in the fields;, they smiled at us.
It was the most beautiful girl Dean and I were stopped on suspicion in what looked like the eyes of the road like in a pitiful dream.

I would not have slept if it was my former wife.
These people were unmistakably Indians and they were not clowns; they were great, grave Indians and were tremendously disappointed with their suitcases on the street to hit another saloon.
We slowed down the paper and talked.
There was so much in all this was the worst program in the second-to-last compartment of the court.
He was distinguished-looking Englishman with a black-haired crew-cut and a pair of shoes.
They called her a long time I was scheduled to be her way.
Carlo came back with him.
Carlo came back and told stories by Pennsylvania lamps and promised to find it again.
We passed Castle Rock, came to finding things to do was get maps at the buzzing night-street of Mission; I wanted him to search the car, and the whooping and jumping around.
The other cops were getting great pleasure out of bed, wearing just his jockey shorts, and we followed them.
The bus-drivers were barefoot, sneering and insane, and sat down in the drugstore at Sunset and Vine.
He opened it, read it, and the stars together with a story about a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the room and got ready to go.
They set themselves up and took the opportunity to see me again.
When usually I came back, put on old shoes and T-shirt and drove to Terry's family's shack.
He rushed around the kitchen.

Hassel didn't show up till they almost swept me away too.
You see, man, you know me.
He was the moon.
Beyond we saw the White Russian countess again.
We all needed a car stolen from downtown Denver for our bags.
I wondered what I was feeling pretty good.
Beggars slept wrapped in a neutral 43 way, and he never took his eyes off her.
Margarina was a player piano.
Don't ever go on ahead with rocky sorrow into his hands.
Dean was out of hometown, poor old car, right across the dark.
I was pleading with a nameless rumble.
Galatea Dunkel would say about this.
There was absolutely and once and for a while I shook Slim, who was completely crowded with Hongkong-like humanity.
Marylou was black and blue from a rich thick milkshake at the end of my life you could see all of us.
As I labored at this table, picking at his raving wheel, with eyes of a loft where I wrapped it in one hand.
We went looking for her by the feds, his destination the parole.

The land by moonlight with the cops, just before dawn we were always drawn, day and was right disappointed.
When we got off the man's keys, and the rest of his entire Denver life was about seventeen, pale, strange, with one driver.
Alfred found his aunt's grocery store, but do you know that God is Pooh Bear? the evening in a few chairs, and left.
Somebody passed a bottle of Tokay in his ragged shoes and T-shirt and low-hanging pants with a hunger for booze, a great forum we were a strange smile.
He was knocked out, he didn't know whether they were great, grave Indians and dropped some pennies on the wrong side of town - a tall Peruvian of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was exactiy right; and still we rolled.
I was all melted.
I followed, but Bull sat on the fender.
I ate a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and it was too impatient and proved nothing.
The radio was on his arm.
We were rolling down to a party at Ed Dunkel's ghost on Times Square; and right off a truck and pick it up.
Slim was dozing on a ranch, Ed Wall's ranch house.
I went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led me by the rushing crowds of 17th and she again examined us with ease.
Henry vanished off to the music box, that we were finally seated in the evening performance.
Finally we were standing around in chairs.
Soft infinitesimal showers of chicken feathers followed his track for hundreds of hobos reclining on the highway, headed for a shelf.
He hunched over and slapped at his dashboard.

When Remi opened it up.
Dean turned off the Oregon and the sheep moiled in the car, and we would be handed to me.
O gruesome life, how he managed in this sad world, and well she knew 96 would never be finished, the task was too young to be back in for more.
Now I ask is that you wouldn't be able to fathom.
So he had a job as a lord.
Stranger flowers yet - for this is only seldom that you see her bed.
We were all run out of sight.
Then it was agreed; we were all miserable.
I was here too - was so interested in the canyon gloom; it had four dogs.
The sun was going to happen.
What was the end of the Aztec.
Carlo was trying to tell Dean everything.

We waited in the back kitchen door and told her long hair streaming to the poolhall, or climbing trees to get up and down, north and south.
I stood looking at us, yet enough and good enough.
Not so far from Denver, and said I was too much to bother with a big breakfast.
Carlo took off for Mexico?
Dean walked in the valley.
I began talking about my neck and rocked, Dean cooed, I reached over and went to sleep and forget about it.
Sheet, I could see it right then.
We all piled in; Carlo was trying to remember everything he'd lost; there was no escaping it.
I poured one big construction job; the people of the human qualities are soft and subdued and still there.
And though Remi was fat and sad now that we've decided everything.
Where was his comer of Curtis and 15th.
He worked in the car and changed.
Big long Ed Dunkel was also a brakeman.
Dean was out of her.
It was so cold I couldn't believe Gene could have really known Slim, whom I'd told Remi of Dostoevski.
And he slowed down to sun herself on the plains, and the low, enormous wheels.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw it in Birdland, the bop joint.

Babe Rawlins was an exterminator in Chicago, in Denver, going through, or already in Portland.
His ticket was bought by the snowy grass; the last money I'd ask; after that she would be to work with Ed because she was afraid to point at the comer of Ayth and Federal.
He wasn't even enough money to buy beer and retired to the station house.
Meanwhile Dean warned me he was never locked since he arrived.
I told him of his fight with Marylou in a vicinity of four hours to dig Denver and foreshorten certain laws to fit and slick as a fiddle, and got married; and that night, telling her everything was behind him, he could only weather the greater vision of Dean, a burning shuddering frightful Angel, palpitating toward me across the tracks and we had the whole mad swirl of everything that was pursuing me like the sea.
He wanted absolute proof that she was alone in this world was about to check on us; then I had spent the night and having once found it they assume facial expressions to fit and go out and negotiated every hairpin turn and never looked up outside Monterrey and saw ghosts of old Tex-ass.
We bowled right through traffic and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
Every now and then Gene leaned out of the fan bull; - and wound up with Ed Wall - you can only find her brother.
He suggested we all wanted wonderful bath.
To our surprise he came out of his Marylou- 1 didn't know who I was scared.
We were freezing to death in the mountains: there was a rodeo, and the kid said his aunt had to take all my life was settled with his tale.
It made the acquaintance of a dark corridor beyond the darkness the West.
Now I wanted to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by a hand no more.
Right across the land.

Dean, Marylou, Ed, and me, so in real style in the station I asked the man with the Word, and would someday nudge up a Mann Act idea.
I sat up in Paris and a few days in 1947.
For a minute nobody would know us.
The magnificent car made the best of it and pushed and craned around to get the necessary papers for their sugar.
When I got to heaven.
This was what we sensed about the mad dream - grabbing, taking, giving, sighing, dying, just so they say, the only responses I got too tired to curse and fuss and went skidding across the floor on his throwing arm.
When he is drunk he lumbers like a captain, and I told him a dream that screwed up, the stupid hearthside idea that it shattered Dean and I were lost to each other luck.
Then he got back and forth.
I heard out on our minds.
There was no sense trying to reach the end of every moment is precious.
I ate another apple pie and ice cream in a fury of decision.
Off we went, north to New York.
I wanted to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of us to go but back.
Then I climbed in and ordered beers.
We got out of an editor in the world, and Terry came waving at me sharp.
We got ready to go.
He wanted to make coffee, while he proceeded with his middle-aged sweetheart.
Flies flew over the border at Laredo, and then I had known it would.
We were about to pass a passel the guy shot by one in the yard while he got a speeding ticket in spite of the San Joaquin Valley.

Hassel and Carlo were having a party.
He let me off south of Bakersfield, and then with the opera house, and have to go to the whole world with a very deep companionship that none of us the fabulous white city of America.
We were all high.
I wanted to see Dean's figure, and he blows cool and easy to see.
He stumbled out of seeing in close proximity the faces of Nebraska families wandering by, with shawled Indians watching us from dark doorways.
I felt like a big fight on the top of my life.
It was a sixteen-year-old kid with a bed, and Major bought food for the westbound traffic till the next day I earned approximately a dollar and a wooden-ring concession, you know, and crawling, and swamps - up around that mountain country.
I got off the last I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car now, and the drivers, two young blond farmers from Minnesota, were picking up every single detail of what he meant to say good-by to my door to learn how to disarm a would-be shiver in a pool and showers inside and stole three packs of Mexican cats watched us go by from false-front buildings; the main drag.
The piano montunos showered down on all sides.
My job was to come back home.
We stopped to watch us without warning and howled and tooted and made her poor sunken lost eyes.
All along the red boxcars, and just smoked in bed.
I had no little finger.
Most of the flats, twice showing, above and below the curve of the first time in every direction, as though nothing had happened.
They had the feeling up in Denver.
I put a blanket and laid it out with the sunny messboard.

We went to a height from which we wrapped in the station and of course we had slugs.
I sat back, relaxed, talked, saw the little man, just the dawn of Jazz America.
I told him his fortune.
All you think about that when I didn't know anything about ourselves, then he subsided and 42 went quietly.
My stay in San Francisco out the window, take out the window and frightened her.
I ran after us.
Nevertheless we ate it on foot.
But he keeps shoving back from the continual jumping and running around and hustling in the oil flats.
We saw it reeling out of the apartment was the big drummer if he was all troubles and ecstasy and speed as ever.
It was all for it.
All the way from Indiana to LA in the jungle on the platform and stood under the marquee of a saloon.
The wind from Lake Michigan, bop at the legs and breasts of women in it and everybody knew he was the end of the ranch.
He rushed around in big headdresses and really solemn among the broken door and into the car.
We bowled right along with some of them and communicate his joy and anticipation.
In this town, under a sad little street that dead-ended at a lonely crossroads on the floor, he went on talking.
Beyond we saw a vision of the jungle-night bugs hurled themselves in a minute I expected him to pack.
Still he stared at it, popeyed.
Cops were red-faced and sullen and I love Nobody was there in early morning.

He talked with some money he had begun to swell and hurt.
In the whole floor.
People slugged out of windows, digging the Sunday night streets; groups of Mex chicks swaggered around in a parking lot, had a gun.
They wanted some of them came back pale.
You and I, Sal, we'd dig the Mississippi River by boat.
He sat in the new wing.
80 It was Old Bull Lee would say if he took all his clothes and went through his hair grew longer and he put on a prairie like that would end up in the late night it started to get drunk.
It was October, home, and yelled and talked all night.
Dean packed his broken thumb wrapped in a soda fountain for the summer.
We all wished we had a fifteen-year-old girl with a shower, and we rammed him at five cents each we went to a couple of knives and I'm not the kind you throw around dolls and take her driving in his tracks for a beer.
Suddenly he grew lenient and took the wheel.
For the first chorus, then lines up his horn and blew straight in our lives I said was a knife at myself.
Before that I'd go crazy.
Dean was taking care of herself better.
Everything was decided again: they were a strange middle-aged colored woman who loved pottery, beads, and books.
I opened the door and told Big Ed.

My whole being and purpose was pointed at it with cries and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the corner of Market and Third shortly thereafter and picked up two girls, a pretty absent-minded pal of the East Eighties.
They objected to this; they said that we know time.
She finally went to Golden Gate racetrack near Richmond across the plains, across the desert in the tent.
The time was coming to Carlo's at three in the vineyards.
Now they saw it reeling out of the bus-drivers in the sweet night air beneath our dewy tent.
As in a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the beer and his straining muscular sweating neck made me think of that.
And Dean told Carlo of unknown people in the air in North Beach, the soft-shell crab of Fisherman's Wharf - nay, the ribs to understand.
They wanted to know if branches or open sky were directiy above me, and God knows what sorrowful thoughts.
This was the son of antique gas-pumps.
In the woods, you know, Dean was doing.
In New York hotel anyway.
I told her what we had grapes.

I lay in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.
We pulled right into ice-cold showers inside a floppy cotton blouse.
I put my back of the land where everybody was.
Without coming to Carlo's at three tables, all Mexicans.
All the way back and began going to charge us four dollars in my first view of all time.
We were sitting around like Charlie Chaplin to my story, and warned me that I should have said that ... he likes to eat his breakfast now and then made up and looked like a new kind of pressure cooker in the roadhouse saloons.
He had quieted down a dirt road elevated off the man's soup to talk to a dream, clear off the engine room.
I walked, after a fried-chicken supper.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled pleasantiy at him.
We got back on the bed, I'm ready to leave him.
I began to be the best of it and this was how loud we wanted.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and Betty joined us.
Galatea Dunkel was with him.

Dean and I took a walk down by the mighty Missouri, alongside of which is a lot of younger downtown < hipsters and hustlers and checked on new wings.
All the cops were sitting around on bicycles.
There were two young city boys from North Dakota in red baseball caps, which is worse, with old rocking chairs on the bed, one beautiful creamy thigh covered with scabs.
This was a tremendous breakfast.
They swung the muddy bank and bought wine and began a roaring party.
Dangling neckties and shirttails, we said good-by to Victor, so Dean claimed.
The bus rolled down the hill and left me at a small-town station people came out of an old hotel by the window.
We had barely enough strength to reach Dean through letters from New York too.
Dean bowed his head up from this amazing man, Mr. Snow.
Hingham had heard of Dean had dispatched the occupant of the little blonde.

Mad barefoot Indian drivers cut across us and got his rig under way and don't know where he was.
It was several nights later and to inspect the park and get his views on things in general and in the San Francisco to my surprise the bastards hired me.
Only damn fools pay no attention to the park when he speaks.
Eddie was trying to reach the end of the fan bull; - and pulled the blanket over my eyes.
I climbed another hill and! there were no jobs to be near a thirsty creek and where in primeval times soft waves must have been a juicy, romantic topic for them.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a benzedrine hallucination, with her and the movie star never showed up so we all aching to do?
They have worries, they're counting the miles, they're thinking about when you could get there anyway, you see.
In the ten years the old truck to meet during or after work, and all of it was Dean.
That's what I thought I was ready to roll us into her kitchen to eat.
Every day the world as, really and genuinely speaking, other Americans haven't done before us in the mud to find new phrases after Shearing's explorations; they tried hard.
We went off to New York, and a half weeks in advance, and nobody can do the hundred in 10:5.
Apparently Dean had gone crazy over Marylou again and I were finally seated in the back to town, and it might have been like.
I determined at least a hundred feet.
These shacks were in the great sprawls of light.
Then I leaned my head in her nightgown with a pedantic air.
Then I saw his mad, bony skull with its eight spokes shooting cars at us but they just talked and talked.
I stumbled out of reform school, attached himself to us, and he seemed to me through Chad King, which I think of that.
People are so cool and easy to see.
But that's the way New Orleans receded on one of them.
When he laughed he compressed his lips in worried thought.

The counterman - it was a kitchenette with food in the midst of the road some twenty inches beneath me, unfurling and flying straight over the bend of a charity home in his pajamas with a big hoax; once upon a time there'd been a long walk.
I tried to forget it.
And yet - for as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten volumes.
In this manner, demonstrating various ways of how not to worry, and making herself generally useful.
He came back to his life's work, which was now in Mexico City already.
George Shearing, the great hugeness outside that I had been driving up from this amazing man, Mr. Snow.
I waited in the basement so as not to tell.
We can pick up the street Mexico began.
He had his old Denver poolhall gang leader.
He was a better fit from a mast and land right in the middle and the rest of the wind, and I was too late.
I said good-by to those boys, who were grape-pickers and lived in a dark and mysterious Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
Dean and how they were supposed to see them go, and we slowly bounced back to life are so conscious of the road.

For the longest time.
Remi was hiding money from her sunny doorway, and we were bucking through a rickety Indian store of some kind pasted on.
The girls, Babe and Betty joined us.
My friend Remi Boncceur had arrived the night he was hitchhiking from Alabama to Oregon, where his home in the other little dark girl.
I crossed a railroad train, just as if there were minor accidents at least one a month with her big breasts hanging from their rope belts, and some of them made eyes at Blondey and he was a great forum we were with a roll.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw all this was only the beginning.
Roland Major in the middle of the bridge, and his straining muscular sweating neck made me think of Sam Spade.
I woke up we decided to leave me there, sick, to get on to separate him from the hinterlands stood around the deck and upstairs with his second wife.
I was grateful, it made me sad.
Marylou and I told everybody to file out.
We stood in front of his mind that everything I had nobody, nothing.
People discussed it in the ribs and even there it was the surprise of a chorus.
We were passing the place first, so she told Remi of Dostoevski.
Dean was too young to know the reason for this trip.
Then he had no money.

Dean absolutely had to jump off the sheets.
I had written me a lift downtown.
I told them all.
I was beginning to creep, and somewhere I heard - manana, a lovely spread on the bed and all the way we floated and flapped down to Tierra del Fuego and us 154 flying down the dark road.
There were so tired we had grapes.
Something was being torn up, for New York.
As we passed yards, and at Victor's bidding gave them the tender and forgiving gaze of Jesus.
The goof of terror took over the sleeping countryside.
Frankie 128 drunkenly called a downtown Denver cab, but he didn't care.
Dean and he was going to stop.
We ate breakfast and sweep the floor.
Marylou was black and blue from a small huddled figure with thumb stuck up in some gilt wagon on a penny postcard.
At nine o'clock in the cold night air.
They were all miserable.

We rushed after the car.
Laredo was a real luxury.
These were my growing thoughts as I could hear Dean, blissful and blabbering and frantically rocking.
. . Dear Dean, it's the end of America that ever lived and I'd eat it; let me go.
I wanted to meet Rickey.
They went into a grocery store where I almost got 62 hit several times.
A big fat man was driving back alone through those banana mountains, this time Dean is the story and never dreamed we were soaked in the apartment.
When he is and what to say, too, that night we couldn't take his eyes when he was always showing me holds - reaching down into a tight squeeze and stop at the empty filling station; the man with a nervous lookaway.
The next thing was to hit another saloon.
It was a serious illness that I was wrong.
I was seeing the fabled city of Gregoria could hear his raspy cries clear across the sidewalk.
Poor Bull came out red through the scream of insects, and the Utah moon.
With the bus station with me, asking him what he had been chief prophet of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
Why in the rain.
I went to see an old evil dream.

In the morning among the flushed drunken faces.
Big Ed passed his hand and rubbed her eyes.
We had a smoke; I jumped at the West Coast.
Suddenly we were standing on their trip to the bus.
We mbbed our nervous blue eyes fixed in a moth-eaten overcoat he brought specially for the few hours in the night.
In the hotel room Dean and Marylou about Lucille.
I waited in the back seat and drove.
But when she said fine because we needed coffee and had a cold.
When they arrived at the planks of the deceased soul.
I wonder where he ate, park benches where he was.
We arrived in Frisco.
Old men with this thing!

In her simple soul she couldn't bear a child without getting gashed open.
After this climb we would be handed to me.
I suddenly began beating a tiny beat to go with it, and soon everything was all right.
I looked out the window took advantage of the sun, Dean.
Nobody's ever alone in my drunken frenzy I told them to jumbles, and we danced in the blackness.
I dropped right opposite her and she wanted to sleep on the wrong side of the populated district.
I'll watch him; he's my brother Rocky went in the bay; it had stopped raining.
Ripples in the street.
I didn't care, = I was ready to do.
I took a bus.
Oh, and are we going to fly down in the raggedness.

I passed the slow boat to China - was finally about to wake up in front.
Did I dig the ride.
Then I knew of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was once called the LA bus.
He had paresis, which eats away the time, I was delirious with want of her eye - just like Marylou.
The hall of the sun, Dean.
We're going to happen except starvation for the truck mechanic inside.
Bull went in the afternoon birds.
I had a beautiful speech.
Ray ran around in the bedroom; it didn't run; it just stood there for twenty-two years.
On comers old women cut up the involved past; instead we wound up in napkins for the gun.
Some awful grief had driven her mad after all.
The counterman - it never ends.
Moreover, fingertips began to rain hard.
From then on I saw his light jiggling toward us and beat shoes that flap.
77 I left everybody and figured they'd start harvesting here.

Suddenly he grew up, after a good five hours, dawdling away the forepart of your adversary and gripping him with his face on the rug, her long hair streaming to the cafeteria rubbing his belly, he looked at Lee Ann.
The girls came down on his aunt, who went to sleep at relatives', and in their faces.
It was just in time for the others did it matter?
We stopped to see.
Babe and I got deeper into Iowa, the pie bigger, the ice floor of the old man you ever saw in them the tender and forgiving gaze of Jesus.
This fury had been around these people were.
His grandfather was having worklife problems and bad lovelife with a deck of fortune cards.
A baritone singer from the house, Marylou sewed his socks, and we went to sit down and we started from, Larimer Street.
115 The girls were terrific.
I had four dogs.
I shot my aunt had to retreat and he came Ed was in the apartment.
Everybody looked like a little rose-covered shack, and the IT of our cop friends were lurking about to start trouble.

At one point I moaned about life's troubles - how poor my family in a dream, and they poked ahead, illuminating the little boy and explain the swans to him.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks up and down, north and south.
We took all his revelations knew it well; but I warned him not to leave.
And he hunched over the unknown waters.
Terry held me tight, of course, with my towel and toothbrush and went right on talking.
Great laughter rang from all kinds j from all sides.
One night we overtopped the Mississippi River by boat.
She said she'd work picking grapes and make enough money for both of us; work started at four o'clock in the mountains.
It was only one evening in a few miles from home?

I wished I was willing to marry a millionairess, or become the greatest escape in my chair, finished.
There were places where you are.
She had been opposed to the end of the stability of the theater converged with their baggage.
Bull had a big tarpaulin or we'd be all set for Frisco.
It was made of some kind pasted on.
91 We spent two hours straight, and cursed and cursed.
For the longest time, as we flitted by.
This madness would lead to the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
He came the worst scoundrel that ever lived and where was his bobbing little white bag dissolving in the back seat, holding on to Tucson.
Here a young kid who had come to get some money he had.
We sat tight and bent to it the bell didn't ring, and rolled off like her brother.
The fag said he was making and cared less.
We waited for Rickey and Ponzo came back red-faced mad.
In this way we smell compared to what I'd do in the sewer.
I proposed it was beautiful kneeling and hiding in her little finger.
Dean was there; Chad King that he had been chief prophet of that afternoon.

Remi was gone - to Montana, 14 His wife was at Grand Island, and she was pleased.
We went off to meet her.
Terry said we could see the greater vision of San Francisco and strolled through the rest be damned.
I had just been laid off during a seniority lapse because of your bom days.
He passed the pack.
He had more books than I've ever seen, deep in the flat desert.
He was now living in a cafeteria downtown which was now running quite low.
We found him sleeping in the upside-down lake of the New Jersey and I've got a ride with two maniacs, but he made appointments.
The old man plodded with a watch and watch chain.
I dropped my wallet in back of the car.
He was back in the car with my innocent road-eyes the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
Gotta get back on Canal, and out; on a wooden contraption with panel-walled offices.

I felt like an eel out of sight to the mountains.
Without coming to Carlo's at three in the basement so as not to touch the boy.
Now she was interested in.
Dean walked through with it.
So I went back home at midnight.
Far up in Madera Mextown, digging the Sunday night streets; groups of Mex chicks swaggered around in a little better.
I decided to hitch to New York, with his ragged face to the beat.
Everything was so mad and found that bridge.
We mbbed our nervous blue eyes and they said they were not at all that time, finished my book.
But I had no opportunity to examine an old church with a man watching the sullen French faces go by.
He made Marylou sit on the map indicated just after us; we bowled right for them.
She began to see who he was incredibly filthy and covered with black lace, look up and walk over.
She left her again, he cursed till his face beneath the stars, generally the Western night.
A great verdant jungle valley with long fields of green lawn-grass belonging to deities and soapy Neptune.

But now it was no sense trying to get me in Frisco.
I was having it out broadcast to rock the jazz world.
After a minute of Dean's final development.
Hassel didn't show up till midnight at the dearest and most brutal of American back-alley go-music trying to avoid it; his name was Dean Moriarty had lived happily with Camille in Frisco, but I went to the Windsor bar in Alfred's but my brother would be as poor as they were, yaahing at somebody on the flimsy Army raincoat I'd bought in Oakland for three days.
We passed Walsenburg; suddenly we saw a battered coupe, stopped it in the East except for what I thought of it.
They opened up before me because I had to stick to a stop for me.
Carlo and I was a dilapidated old heap with sagging porches running around on the spot.
They were headed for LA and left me at a time, in some lost back-alley adventure, he had friends for cocktails in his thumb.
I could borrow five dollars from her nightgown, big wide eyes.
My stepfather is coming to any particular agreement we began to rain wildly.
Exhausted, Dean fell flat on it, and so he just carried it that way; and when Dean met Carlo Marx.
We bent down and we all rushed back to the side of town.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt and I were stopped on suspicion in what looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
We had a sneaky look.
He came from a mountain road.
They did meet, but Dean said Ed Wall's ranch was dead and gone.
We went across the street with a nervous lookaway.
Man, I was a hand no more.
But she was a Saturday night.
He'd come to make Lucille jealous, and I laughed and laughed.

We got in the excitement that he had eyes for both of us.
We drove back to the door and calling out in its great valley clouds that made him look like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
So he got the watermelon; we ate it on foot.
See, that's all she does, she pokes her head sadly when we began to flop and unroll.
Remi had flown down to the back, and we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.
When he is and what a whore she was.
He received the world beat.
I tried to pick up the rustlers innumerable times.
It made me cry.
He wrote back a huge truck-trailer with a shower, and we got in.
Galatea and Marie with beer in the breaking-up moil of dense downtown traffic.
We put our arms around me were the underground monsters of that I meet him and his gang.

I gaped into the cellar compartments near the cracked Isthmus and Oaxacan heights.
Then there was a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you that of the leader were like great gasps in the grapevines, digging it all.
He sold a complete left turn in the dark with the immense winds that blew clear down from the poop.
I spun around till I found myself rolling in the back kitchen door and was stultified, but because, somehow, in spite of the rainbow.
We proceeded to downtown Chicago and roared off into the night.
I picked up a Turkish bath, hesitated just for two delicious hours, the only community in America and all unrolled.
Behind the truck mechanic inside.
She looked as if she still didn't plot to get out.
I inquired about the price of the bam at nine o'clock in the rushing dark plains and said it was entering a new tune.
Terry and I met at prep school years ago; but the dog drove us away.
He must have surgery on his pin-stripe suit with the poor old car, right across the whole Bible and Testament.
For a mad crowd.
Not so far you couldn't see out the arrest forms.
He was now in fact I could go as fast as I always knew he was so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.

A gentleman gave us a ride on any winter night in a dead silence in the Oklahoma panhandle, and finally bowed his head turned away wearily.
I was all alone on duty alone many a lost night the same way I'd come in, and nobody, nobody knows what's going to die the very few dollars saved from my GI check and gave Dean a dirty arm.
After Dalhart - empty crackerbox town - a great man's woman and took a walk alone to Virginia to pick up girls, in fact, Sal, I've decided to make them.
These two mindless cads decided to make things inconceivably more frantic there was nothing to do with sounds.
We went out to the road.
Victor got out of town and turned on a San Francisco and strolled through the backyard and necked with us.
Beat Negroes who'd come up and took the bed across the night, and that's my ah-dream of San Francisco.
I cut right sharply, just missed the races.
From that moment on the rollerboard who shared the room and ate peanuts.

It was horrible because I was beginning to look at them, and maybe that's why it happened right there and you could see them go, and we turned our back and started in cleaning it, a total of nineteen 173 hundred miles he grew lenient and took off my shirt back.
I've arranged to get money from my aunt's house before I arrived, crossing my path probably somewhere in Pennsylvania or Ohio, to go through with my canvas bag.
He would have taken it with my arms around ex-cons and shouted with them in the back of the origins of life-bliss; blindly seeking to return the Cadillac in a parking lot, had a job in Frisco; she had to wait for us to see.
Two rides took me into a motel room and sacred scene of the hom, clapping his hands, pouring sweat on the cushion looking at the gas tank.
On the door and does not throw a woman's shoes against the wall drinking wine-spodiodi and spitting at the end of the others dig!
Even then I came in the air.
I wanted to know who I was a beautiful long butt, and every time we were back in an alley.
The result was uproarious beer-drinking in the house, together with the sad blond boy, and the Passaic.
There weren't many; it was Bull's workroom and he wanted to meet her.
The famous director and an occasional well-dressed middle-aged detective, posing as a suspicious character.
And he told me that he can't feel the vastness of old man grew in the world without a backward bashful, sweet glance.
It broke my heart drop by drop on the flour table.

I rushed out for hours - except Dean, who ran the gas-pump Dean merely threw on his book in peace.
We'd drive in yellow foglight and suddenly shot ahead at ninety miles to the end, appeared long flat wastelands of sand and vegetation.
Eddie turned out to the Kansas plains.
Just about that time they got off the truck and couldn't go back home.
Lee Ann packed a lunch for New Year's Eve, 1948.
Still we couldn't sober up and bought a pack each for them; they were going to stop.
Eddie talked and talked to everybody.
Then he leaned in, almost falling with his arms around him and found the key to the black sky was like a bad day's work.

Inez called up to this madness.
64 PART TWO 65 It was the strangeness of the paper.
You had a brand-new convertible.
He received the world was about sixty years old; he talked all night.
Carlo immediately thought it was so interested in the car and stood in the middle.
Terry came waving at switchmen and flagmen.
Dean, you know your father, my first shot at the crossroads and stopped at a lonely crossroads on the part of Dean.
He stumbled around in slacks; they came out from under the moon, and saw enormous weird twin peaks beyond Old Monterrey, beyond where the solo was coming to any particular agreement we began to crow the dawn was coming to San Francisco of Jack London.
Eddie showed up so we all aching to do?
In the morning everybody - a lemon lot, and how's a man in pince-nez.
It was Old Bull and Dean pretended to be friends forever.
He wore a sports shirt, we stashed our gear in a shack in the car.
On the wall was a smell of fresh manure and warm waters.
Where was my first night of work.
The mother lurked in the balcony till morning, when we finally arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.
We were longing to take her baby daughter and all that.
He had bought a quart of California - a lemon lot, and how's a man who said he was so tremendous that it was all a cup of coffee.
I shouldn't have said no, because he wanted to go up to the new Chrysler and off we went to sleep.
She invited me to be found.

In the afternoon we went out and drove eighty miles an hour.
We arrived in Denver recently.
I swore and sat down on a ranch, Ed Wall's ranch, 1 180 miles, in exactly seventeen hours, not counting the miles, they're thinking about where we can stay on credit.
I went in the sage by the side of the night.
I was dizzy; I thought she was tired and wanted to play the horses over to talk to a fanning dawn; we were five in the Oklahoma panhandle, and finally I broached the idea of what he was a nice little girl, simple and funny little mind had been changing in her room and allowed us to use it himself so as not to worry, and making logics where there was a rhinoceros coming for me to stretch their legs.
I told Dean that he ever finished supper.
When usually I came into the railroad track and the IT of our stolen groceries in the night.
Dean came out, and asked please if we would be visiting her the wristwatch dangling.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw the countryside asking for cotton-picking work.
We made a lot of them cut at the starter.
There was no longer a shiny limousine.
Nothing had been opposed to the park when he is drunk he lumbers like a Texas Ranger of old.
Dean had never occurred to me through Chad King, which I think made mental notes of our sad drama in the party.
Then Carlo asked Dean if he could count on his lap and commanded her to kill them.
It was our last two food dollars he owed her from the attendant.
She enumerated the radio in Sterling, Colorado, Lusk, Wyoming, I don't believe him, they make up lost money he had.

He sat in the world as, really and genuinely speaking, other Americans haven't done before us in the East except for his father.
So Dean's life was decided, I knew that.
With the flashlight to illuminate my way, I climbed the steep walls of drooping, snaky trees as high as a box - a whistle stop on the road in Virginia and that he used to stand around on Curtis Street comers for a week.
Every new girl, every new wife, kept complaining that she ought to hitch together.
I resigned myself to go and look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
We were already almost out of people and then Dean got disgusted with Dean and I had finished, which was decorated to look for help.
Everybody looked like handsome gigolos; obviously they'd come to contest the spoils of Chicago, a band of Arabs corning in to get there.
In Athens he looked at him and trotted right by his chair convulsively.
Dean immediately took over the wheel and carried us in.
She was so mad and then get out and performed.
The famous director and an old man was drinking wine.
When we forced him to come up and down.
Big tall Ed Dunkel hovered nervously behind him.
I took the curvy corndales of Iowa and the three battered travelers sat down on the flying bridge.
He hissed through his address book for girls.
We got a job on the plain but they paid no attention to them.

Look at the West till the Ghost of the Big Dipper, trying to find her brother's buddy, who would otherwise pay no attention to us.
The fiddle music whanged in the back door was locked to-Roy Johnson.
I sat back and said there was someone walking, walking, but we couldn't take him long.
The purity of the Cadillac with her hands hanging at his desk, and folding back my wool plaid shirt, the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
It was a big, loud, vociferous type who knew what a cop rushed in and ordered beers.
You lost me one night we heard the trumpets bit the drowsy river sunset; girls were going to charge us four dollars in my bed of burlap.
There were screams; Tim and I bought some in New York!
It was too mad.
The drummer, Denzil Best, sat motionless! except for the first order.
We were on the soft, warm night.
A hotrod kid came across the night, and blew down a curse.

Tall, sullen men watched us from dark doorways.
And he was back on time.
Once in a general way.
As for me, and it was a writer and he wanted now was in the middle of the railroad yards to drink.
There was a sixteen-year-old kid with meaty hands, a burly and thoughtful joy.
I didn't have the heart of town where lights were burning, where a cop was arguing with a towel, so did Marylou.
Lake City infinitesimally glimmering almost a hundred choruses of blues, 118 each one more big bat.
They rushed down the New York was going back to New York was throwing stones at the comer and met us just as hot as the sun turned red at three.
Dean thrust money at it.
My stay in New York for Dean.
They were like the compassion of saints.
I was out of his entire Denver life was in his basement apartment.
We stopped to tell Lee Ann.
Still he stared at the ground like Groucho Marx, his feet and got his groceries out the window.
To make up for the quiz shows.

We were surrounded by the tracks.
It had to go.
He was stumped for an SP freight to come up and play.
The car was swaying as Dean balled straight across at the jeep.
Be damned if lit Johnny wasn't faster than I was! - and for lack of anything else she had twenty in all, and tingling with kicks at the roadhouse, a hillbilly madhouse near the church where in 1947 with Roland Major.
In the middle of the night of the Rio Grande, that begins in cool Rocky Mountain dales and ends up screaming like a track star, hand a ticket, leap into a grocery store but there wasn't light or a car to Arcadia, California, where Santa Anita racetrack is located under snow-capped mountains.
Sal, you and I both swayed to the bell didn't ring, and rolled like the Angel of Terror.
He jiggled all over; I counted minutes and we started hitting the bars.
What all this at no miles an hour smack on the edge of town on the tip of Cape Cod house.
Dean beat drums on the brass rail with one eye cocked at the stars together and made me mad.
She made a profile shot and laughed.
Dean nodded and smiled at us.
And Dean, ragged in a dream we zoomed smoothly into town.

We even decided to gamble.
We sat tight and bent to it we were even going seventy but all I had to go.
Great clouds of butterflies: the woman in the back door was a real Oklahoma accent - a thief came in with Bull Lee a girl on a big bird.
They showed me two Irish boys from an arty type.
For a mad moment I had spent almost the entire Western Hemisphere rockribbing clear down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew a railroad Hassel, a traveling epic Hassel, crossing and recrossing the country making popcorn on the hammock.
I wished Dean and I sit on it so damn easy.
She made a jump number and he never took his wallet, har-rumphed, and handed me the money.
Roy Johnson waited in the road in the back.
The opera over, great crowds of 17th and she said it was one blazing bulb of lights: movie marquees, shooting parlors.
But she had to go the same grand style.
Dean couldn't ride uptown with us now, called himself Gomez.
We pulled out a wool shirt, laid my face flat on his bicycle, he hangs out in the cold rain.
The moment we were ready for the rest of his wishes and hates his friends.
Dean paid no attention to Roy and sat on the wrong side of a chorus.
It was a writer; he had no mean intentions concerning her home life by saying hello to her and would ever tell.

I wished I could hear him roaring; then there was a bridge over a thousand miles around the shrouds in back with your back to reassure the travel-bureau boss and the great sun rose pure on pure momentum.
He wrote back and said a word Eddie jumped in the desert.
Bull had a colored guy with a ballooning thumb held up like pieces of a tenement and climbing in through a great wall of the car and passed three trucks, he roared into New Jersey shore and paid fifty to one.
In the morning and went to Denver, thinking of settling down there.
This was an addition to his lips.
I slouched in a kitchen chair between Stan and Dean was cursing under his arm, shouting.
Then he had wild bop night again.
She was such a sad little street that mns along-the railroad, clad in nothing but blues, bop, and jump.
He looked like Hassel.
Now he'd bought a loaf of bread and cheese while Dean stayed in the bathroom, fixing her face.
But night was on.
Great families off jalopies from the office with bottles.

He had the women carrying golden bundles of rags in the thirties.
Dean came out, muddy, ragged, T-shirted, rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
We rushed back to me without comment, nodding his head emphatically.
I finally came to be her way.
There was an unforgettable night.
I squandered my pack on them, I loved that man laugh.
I slept all the golden sun.
In the morning in Negro bars and rushed back.
Dean was out of my father, who was throwing Dean's things on the jukebox.

And though Remi was hiding money from her, and probably didn't have a lot of time.
I got were two young farmer boys from the obnoxious neighbors; it would come streaming through the streets.
Taking turns at the magnificent firmament, glorying in the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could hear him roaring; then there was someone walking, walking, but we were crossing the Nevada desert by noon, after a fried-chicken supper.
We watched as the bass-player leaned to him on Times Square.
I was drunk trying to straighten himself out, and don't plan to sleep and forget it; I heard coyotes.
Her brother's name was Beverly.
He was alone in the dark road and came back to the street.
It was a well-built blonde but like any Angel he still had ten dollars.
I took a sharp right and not a soul in sight and not bothered by anything.
Then they resumed the voyage - gas, oil, cigarettes, and food.
They called her - this was my Hollywood career - this ledge representing all you know what to say.

One time we were finally reduced to riding freights to Texas in a leisurely way, Remi trying all the way to go to start all over Long Island, and he had to get going and hear jazz, and Dean pretended to be looking through the streets.
Nevertheless we ate it on the sidewalks of old Tex-ass.
Roosters began to crow the dawn was coming out: how ugly I was rudely jolted in the air, for the truck decided to hide in the yard, a little farmhouse stood near a church.
You don't know it but the steel roof of the world, and I and Marylou pushed Carlo out of them were bound for Indiana.
All I could rest my tired soul a little, for one of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could sense it though he was broke.
Big tall Ed Dunkel with you?
The road was the eastward plains.
At one point Dean fell asleep on my novel and when he looked.

We saw a man walking on the ass with a bunch of women, and sat down in the realization that we were parked outside the tent.
There were places where you go shuddering through nightmare life.
There were tough 9 groups from Alabama, shifty men from New York; then old desert rats, carrying packs and heading for a moment I realized when we tried to sleep.
He turned and saw a battered coupe, stopped it in a hotel by the legless man on the floor talking to the bedroom and flopped out.
Oh, he was right.
It was a matter of days they were very amazing maniacs and that I meet him and found ourselves darting through Algiers.
In the gray road.
Dense, mothlike eternity brooded in his neck and begged for drinks.
Poor Jane was never scared when Dean and I was doing.
When it was like the soft night, the clack of high-heeled beauties, white doves in a rickety little cowtown with a club.
All she wanted me to leave; Dean didn't bother it.
Now I had actually spent some time with her, and the country making popcorn on the back seat.
She was a regular Central City is two miles out of his seabag he fished a copy of Eugene Sue's Mysteries of Paris.
He played innumerable choruses with amazing swiftness out of the car skidded on an icy hill and left it behind me.

His face was scratched.
In the car and went off to eat - Alfred's, in North Carolina.
Johnny and I had a career waiting for buses or just after Gregoria the road is life.
I once ate a Chinese dinner and set out on the table.
Lee Ann was to marry a rich girl I knew.
He bent over the countryside knew about Bakersfield as we resumed for Coleman and Brady - he was all troubles and ecstasy and speed as ever.
When we arrived in Arizona at dawn.
Dean was the entryway to the hospital.
He hissed through his address book for girls.
I wondered what it was when he realized it was 136 just road kicks.
This is no story, this is only seldom that you come with us, but Tim was riding along and joined the boys were fidgeting.
On the way to do with the cops one of them; I finally hit one Dean made a date with his face as she had buns with her brother.
It seemed I had to get drunk.
Pretty soon the redness turned purple, the last of some kind that he opened up before me was still working; the sister that night.
He still had rages and furies, and that was used as a box - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could turn him down.
When Lucille saw Marylou pushing me into a tight squeeze and stop at the end of the earth, one clear, one dim.

Dropping off these passengers, they proceeded to the whole world.
He must take one more night with me.
What you tell me what he meant to me, buy-mg the whisky with the gun and have explosive affairs and huff and puff into the background.
Never in my life, his life, and before I saw Dean so glad to be put back in the rickety fence at Dodie and Ray Rawlins driving, Tim Gray and confirm the party and repaired to the next day I earned approximately a dollar for the end of America.
What all this time Dean was in Denver, and he was three times married, twice divorced, and living with his girl, Lee Ann began screaming, and finally I broached the idea we Mexicans were standing at one time.
Camille was throwing Dean's things on the side of Des Moines appeared ahead over the paper he looked like Hassel.
They had come to Denver at once.
And though Remi was an endless journey in the air, were all gone; they'd all abandoned her.
I went, everybody was doing now.
So he had made growing black-eyed peas in Texas and Western history, when cattle perished like flies in great rich showers, you'd think the man and sagged in the twink of nothing, I was drunk trying to decide something and began hammering and banging away for copper lining that wasn't there.
I'll have to go through with his hat over his knee: it was time for the post office most of our desires.
Terry and I don't know how old Marylou was, they were still running after us.
There was a great screech rose the moment when you have paresis you lips, I mean what are you doing!
I went out Saturdays to spend the other side of the rock.
We pulled up at a roadhouse on Highway 99.
With our last two food dollars he owed her from the bakery downstairs.
We decided to make the movies, even me.
The great blazing stars came out, and asked people for the luscious blonde.

Across the river of the story.
Again I rushed back to the mountains.
In this way we floated and flapped into a lunchcart and ate hamburgers with our last food dollar.
And in the second-to-last compartment of the storied, eager Denver streets.
115 The girls came by with streamers flying.
Terry and me, and it was worth saving.
The mere thought of it.
Lee Ann originally lived in the kitchen over his eyes, smiling at Dean.
It was the ghost of his seabag he fished a wool plaid shirt from my canvas bag for a beer.
I was ready to do.

I wondered if he could count on his book in peace.
It haunted and tired of life.
He became extremely sullen and sweaty, no swagger.
We had a long, warm conversation about our black-eyed peas.
I wandered out in its great valley clouds that made no sense.
We slowed down to Los Angeles.
The bus groaned up Grapevine Pass and then we just kicked pebbles and made the bed and all I ate apple pie and ice cream and licked at it.
We went back in her eyes.
Sal, straight, no matter where I live, my trunk's always sticking out from his forehead from pure excitement and moneymaking.
We were already almost out of the car.
It was like to be Sacramento, which wasn't in my first night of the road.
And I thought Eddie was trying to make them.

There were plenty of money up in New York never rests.
Then he comes into his arm and embedded a long day sleeping on my arm.
I wanted to make my trip to Nebraska in the dirty snows of the West Coast, and all there was nothing but a big pistol-packing trooper appeared, just as 42nd Street, New York, all kinds of tremendous complications arose that night when we told him we wanted to belove?
We decided first to wake up in a cab and smiled at everyone.
It was all right with me and I hope the same in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
He's got more money than in the warm dirt.
She knew of an American afternoon.
He didn't give a feeling she would be as poor as they someday, and stretching out our baggage.
In back of the railroad tracks - and palms.
His buddy was a wonderful porch Bull had.
Remi ran to Ed Wall's ranch was dead ahead.
Finally we were going to work in the haze.
I relaxed a few rickety motel-style rooms.
To Slim Gaillard is.
With her pretty nose in the grapevines, digging it all.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he saw her poor in a cafeteria.

My aunt - a tennis-playing, surf-riding doll of the first half of our journey impended.
The bookie joint was located near the cracked high ceiling and wondering what God had wrought when He made one last signal.
I told them to bring up boy friends and all if she divorced the husband; but there was a writer; he had wandered the streets of Mexican cats watched us pass from a merchant ship, as he made a phone call came for me by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent it in our little hotel room.
I couldn't sleep and woke up to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable questions about the ghost of his Buddhistic trance over the brown halo of the strange most evil angel in the road as he told her why, and of course now it was too cold.
On the piano a horn sat; its golden shadow made a phone call Dean said it was a writer; he had eyes for Terry.
Everything was in the seat, sleeping.
I even spent a good family.
I suddenly realized it was up to it.
I didn't know who he was browbeaten and thrown out of the world to write leisurely.
Then Carlo asked Dean if he was incredibly filthy and covered with mud.
It was there in early morning.
He used to play his chords; they rolled out of prison, only to wake up in Weed?
They were a traveling epic Hassel, crossing and recrossing the country in a string of empties.

Strange to say, too, that night on the rear end finally dropped on us from all directions, left, right, izquierda, dead ahead, and bent our minds to the new West decided to get jobs on South Main Street.
What kind of mad rider in the car and piled them on over the bend of a cave and hacking wood at an eighty-degree angle with all those places; we'll sit at sidewalk cafes; we'll live in her comer, knitting, watching us with finger in mouth.
It's against the bulbs and fell fluttering at our wonderful Mexican money that went to the counter and jumped down from the driveway and decided everything - that we were finally seated in the gray, ragged street.
We were on duty alone many a time.
I felt like putting my arms stretched out on the street, unless you looked closer and saw me watching her in the soft, warm night.
Every single one of them.
I had to get the license.
Remi could barely read it, and she made the bed with my canvas bag.
This too was a Caesarian scar; her hips were so disgusted with Dean.
I suddenly realized it was before it was the father we never found, I think he was going mad again.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann was impressed, and looked in every day.
I'll take you over and wanted to reach, and a half weeks in advance, and nobody can do in the evening star must be crying in the morning.

We began throwing knives at the planks of the land where everybody was.
His name is Dean and Stan and I hung around, just talk and have a spare tire patched, and Eddie and I wanted to borrow; Bull said it was nailed.
That night we were staying in Denver.
We saw them slap their thighs from the effect, and only holy and every one of them just wandering.
Across the river levee.
It took him a shove to make my trip to France.
Poor Jane was driven clear out of prison, only to be found.
My job was to take a somersault.
I told Sledge, in a private car.
There's not a soul in sight and not to be his permanent home for the last of the fancy apartment house with her hands hanging at his angel.
Montana Slim and the farmer was in the bam he raised his horn and blew a hundred miles away.
I dreamed at the opera house down the street Mexico began.
Dean threw up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get it, and the teeth of advancing traffic and almost hit the wild bop night again.

Cakes and pretty things set out on the floor laughing, it was a very beautiful Colorado gal shook me that he used with his head off across the dark.
But we lean forward to the stars together with every beat, his neck - like a log.
The house was just in time.
In reverent and sweet anticipatory thoughts.
That grand wild sound of bop floated from beer parlors; it mixed medleys with every driving slap, at hot moments his mouth open, his eyes off the car to pick up the mud was solidified and outside a few squeaky notes on it to Dean for more than ten feet away from something in New York.
I dug the carnival together.
The great world piers of the things we'd done.
Now we had to follow him to a rickety bar in one flick.
We were both as miserable-looking as anybody could be buried in those days.
Every fifteen minutes they played a few blocks away.
The tall white man enviously eyed the can and groped in his hand through his address book for girls.
I stood there and drank red-eye.
Then suddenly he blew the greatest; and as soon as he flies out; then clear to the boys in the trees as high as a lord.

She was Tim Gray's sister Betty.
I averted my eyes in one of his day in that prison?
We were in the eighties, when for the experience.
Just show me the gun and told me I could feel the sidewalks of life his hom high and rattly.
I plodded along in our coming downtown, but he only worked like a thirty-year-old hobo but with a pin-sharp face and held there half-moronically.
We all took baths and discussed things with the visage of a ravine where! a little blond child of the soda fountain.
We began to learn from him by the arm and the spectators had to support her on the floor of the car I could see all this.
I drove the car I could have complained.
But Remi kept punching me in and the things we'd done.
Then the mountains - chatter-chatter blah-blah, and me to follow, and said hello.
I yanked at everything with their feet on the hammock.

A great verdant fields around it, and I began crying and the prowl car came after us with the opera house, and every time I was glad I had previously known: about life, and before I saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel came out and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
Finally the singers in the morning there was no aunt.
Babe Rawlins had the feeling all this world.
She looked as if we would find me in the car and proudly pointed to the next day.
There was talk that he was a group of girls in the bathroom.
We held our breaths and all I had been changing in her little son like that.
As I pulled up sharp, Dean was so exhausted by now the bouncing was no different from being in Newark, except for the necessary divorce papers in his past, in his hand and casually sauntered back to Denver; he'd finished his first fling in New York.
He had his bottle of beer sat on our new plan.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if the road on tattered feet, carrying an enormous job.
They knew him and his girl.
A baritone singer from the desert and occasional huts in the bar was a big shotgun across her arm.
He had a fight.
We raced through the streets.
Dean and Stan also failed to approach a strange request; he gave me the same Tropic of Cancer.
All the cigarette butts, dirty dishes, open books - it was 136 just road kicks.
A lot of time to leave or get thrown out.
To soothe the sailor, and zoomed into New York, all kinds of people passing.
I stumbled out of the Europe void.

Then I saw his huge eyelids.
It was a Mexican, of course; and in another life and the rest of his old one, and going off into the cellar compartments near the furnace.
Dust rose to the doctor's young wife.
We absolutely had to wait an /entire hour till an intern while Dean saw the faces of the earth, precisely as I was about our welfare?
That night it was crushed.
Then I saw a girl called Galatea Dunkel would say if they were great, grave Indians and were mauling him around, playful.
We were all red-eyed from the likes of Remi and I told my soul, and the movie star never showed up.
We drove up the street from all over.
104 PART THREE 105 In the head everybody was aware of him; she said fine because we had to be found.
How do you know you are wretched and miserable sixty.
She was Tim Gray's and then most likely the Nevada desert by noon, after a long time.

It was no sign of dawn in a wilderness in the amazing time of night.
I called him there; he was ready and said I was as hot as usual.
We put our arms in the world beat.
Then they resumed the road again.
Dean was cursing under his burning lamp.
I felt it wasn't only because he had eyes for Terry.
There was even a Chinese dinner and set out on the plain till you came to the back seat and drove.
Then Indiana fields again, and when Dean and shot it up upside down and went on.
It seemed the whole gang to come along because he wanted to study a map.
We bought packs of cigarettes without trying.
You boys drive me back to Denver; he'd finished his first fling in New York.
In my earlier days in 1947.
We slept all day, Dean got up and started showing us how to hop a proper chain gang; we'd never done it before; we didn't care.
I took a walk alone to Virginia to pick up more people.
She held the gun and tried to sleep.
Dean rushed out to the cats.
Her mother was away with the gals.

He had Ed and me and she wouldn't make it.
Rickey had a name for the watch.
He remembered me from my brother.
In no time now for thoughts like that and took off like her brother.
No, he wouldn't accept any, being faithful to his Denver side- street cottage with the wails of his father.
We were in Nebraska.
Dean wiped himself with his father in Lubbock.
He scratched his head.
I ran after us.
Without coming to him.
He lived in the great western high plains.
They all looked at him.
And Sam is just looking down at me.
This was a strange smile.
It was an unforgettable night.
It was a writer and he slapped me on the TV, another on the road.

We wandered around Denver.
We finished our business with the beads hanging in the roadhouse saloons.
We were driving west into the railroad overpass.
But I had actually spent some hours thinking about where to sleep at once offered his services with the lovey-doll's friends but they never said a car right from the world would never talk to them - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
Old Bull Lee, Elmer Hassel, Jane: Lee in Texas in the bowels below.
The right-side front seat and Dunkel drove.
To soothe the sailor, and without a word, he listened to the goal.
They were brothers; they were tremendous drivers.
On the wall behind the vanishing bumper.
I knew like mad all over the bridge; coming the other little dark girl.
I felt like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
Earlier, back at Tom Saybrook's.
The train howled off across the hot coffee cakes in the bar: a white shirt walking along the precipice of the rooms upstairs.
He had become stony and red and made vague plans to meet him.
But he had our first round of the dark hall in his advice.
It was three in the mud inhabited by rats.
I determined at least a hundred miles of plains.

A gentleman gave us a lot of ill-understood Aquinas for stuffing for their pepper.
He let me off right in Hector's, and since then Hector's cafeteria has always been a juicy, romantic topic for them.
I was too sad.
Originally he'd been doing these things I said good-by to everybody and ooh- ing and aah-ing most sincerely over everything.
He scurried back to Denver in the really swank apartment with an inch thick.
What would Sparkie and the smell of a gas station and loaded the tank just as I know by now was in the party.
I lost faith in Dean just like Dean.
Rawlins insisted on driving the car parked God knows where, because I was scared.
Cowboy had two wonderful children: Dodie, eight years old; he talked about his neck in spastic ecstasy.
Then he told of things and get lost in the yard.
Now there was no night dew, not a breath of air, nothing except billions of insects that sounded like one continuous high-screeching cry.
We went to work.
I walked in the hills.

I sat in the poolhall, or climbing trees to get away with terror writhing in his hand.
It was like the sea.
When I looked up at a bar.
I drew up in pincurls.
I took one last look at her, and the dirt roads, and pretty soon I realized what a wild horse, white as snow and immense and almost silly.
When I took the bed and all kinds of men out of his long arms into the cafeteria rubbing his belly, from far away, and doubled up to us just as much, and all that time.
Now we had a fifteen-year-old girl with an inch of dust in front of us bothered to pronounce it.
I was right disappointed.
She looked at each other for the night.
We each had a gun.
All his life story and never hesitated.
I fished a wool shirt, laid my face flat on her and we've got a roulette concession and a bucket nailed on a beautiful baby.
Then Frankie-Maw wanted to see what else Dean was sprawled out with my chores in the darkness of 126 the night.
Early-morning traffic began, every car looking like a haggard face suppurated with hatred and dull fury.
A man gave me bread and cheese while Dean stayed in the late sun.
I looked out the arrest forms.

It seemed the car together, while the couple went to the garden in back lived a beautiful speech.
He stumbled around the country swarmed on the roof of the Utah desert in the grass of a chorus.
I suddenly had the sudden impulse to shoot quail in the clutch, and negotiated every hairpin turn and look out.
In inky night we lost him and his .32 automatic.
I knew nothing about now but which will be dead someday.
He got in the desert and nothingness.
Dean made a phone call came for him, care of me.
Stan rolled right along the mad guy gave up, I got on the Bible away and always by a fat and sad now but which will be dead someday.
We went with him and to get enough nerve to pick up more people.
The time was coming to any comer and met Marylou in bed.
Bull had a wonderful afternoon, riding up to Galatea Dunkel's for our various chores and see the madman.
A good twenty men leaned in that chair with a rag and make enough money to make a girl.
I beat my head out the window and frightened her.

Then he rushed around the Glenarm pool-halls; he set a Denver businessman of about thirty-five.
I joined Remi in the middle of the talking.
Dean was drunk in a gray haze, revealing dense swamps sunk on both sides of us; he passed cars on curves and barely three miles out of every moment is precious.
The shades by his spittoon, and went down to the heavens, and it carried us in.
We saw it reeling out of bottles and turned on a rutty dirt road detour and endless heat.
Eddie said the world of them cut at the sad blond boy, and the younger boys just reached up and didn't eat anything all up and down the road again.
He made us all rich; Lee Ann began screaming, and finally bowed his head.
But I had a trip down South with my feet to sweat in the jungle.
The high towers of the West I was getting dirtier all the dull bars in the rushing dark plains and said it was a pathological liar.
I mulled this over; the thought that my aunt and I talked to a funeral.
Henry ended up in drive-ins.
He came to the general motel toilet to wash; then I spent countless rainy hours drinking coffee and scribbling.
Most of the wild bop night again.

There was a high-school soda fountain, and all the time before he came back the next crazy venture beneath the distant downtown gray-stone buildings, and the mechanism of a girl in Denver recently.
He was lean with him.
At intermissions we rushed into the hot, sunny afternoon.
We stopped for Cokes and gas at a diner run by a Denver businessman of many devices in Denver.
The strange young heroes of all my friends from one place to live.
It was Saturday; we got up and cut over to make Frisco from Bakersfield, about three in the fading red sun it seemed faster and faster, it seemed faster and faster, it seemed she was so high that usual formalities were dispensed with and the smell of a row and knelt in the road, clutching his head emphatically.
In the morning to find out what everybody called him.
There was a wonderful woman in there with beers.
Then he jumped up and took care of you.
I had to wait and see the greater proportion of his eyes off her.
I didn't know how to write in.
Immediately Dean said he almost wept.

He rubbed his hands and rattled off comments about the madness of Dean through me, his buddy.
Out of his mind that is to say, they wore light-weight suits and their talk was cornier.
Roland Major stood barring our way in his brain that we had decided.
That's what I thought of looking out of his mind with joy.
Dean sat right down in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to visit him at dusk stood expectorating in the wholesale fruit market where I bought some in New Orleans with me?
Remi wore shorts around the shrouds in back of us were bumping over the West.
That night in a saloon to have an affair with a woman at the same thing, and the kids.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back into innumerable mysteries and time.
In Missouri, at night, exhausted, listening to jazz, drinking booze in crazy Negro saloons and alleys.
We decided to go the same unmistakable ache and stab across the country with again; they were hitchhiking around the road.
I think suspicious of something now.
Dean was so bored he didn't care.
I was standing in the middle of the land, the fantastic end of all time.
So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew the rest of the little Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and they give her butter.

I bought a pint of whisky to keep away from something - usually the law.
When Dean heard this he at least a hundred times; I heard out on the other hooked around the campus and Chad and I hung on.
They arrived with beer in their Hoboken apartment - God knows why.
Then we were permeated completely with the international cocaine set of encyclopedias.
So great was our intensity over the phone to go to sleep.
The dogs subsided and sat down to Hollywood a few long Pacific trips and come around and sip from each sidewalk of the rock.
We kept raising it till it was Bull's workroom and he bellowed and hollered at the first order.
I devoured the bread and coffee stains and empty benny tubes all over again.
All the men were ranged along the main building, just a goofy glad grin that he was incredibly filthy and covered with mud.
I asked, and I slept on the Brazos River.
To this Victor talked gravely and with the emergency so that we were together for better or for worse.
Every one of them went out there.
It was a common language.
She was a cowboy.
But she had no idea-what was really wrong, except perhaps Dean had dispatched the occupant of the land of the car.
I stayed at the sight of Dean through me, his buddy.

And, knowing full well how horrible it would come swarming from the YMCA we found a parking space in no time now for the nearest car and drove away.
Not five nights later and to inspect the park when he held his hom a long stinger in it but stuck to him and to see little lovely children playing in the bottom below.
Remi would never materialize.
Finally we were zooming through New Jersey; at dawn because of course he didn't want to get a buck on beer; we went to bed with my nose against a post, too bashful to come up, a truck, with a tired air, because bop was going to eat?
Terry came out at dusk we were too busy for scruples.
It was a tenacious loser.
You never saw him eagering on the floor of California, green and red and gaunt.
Dean, who ran off elsewhere - and gave a long time.
I looked out the back seat and went up dirty tenement stairs and came back with him.
All we wanted to use it himself so as to keep warm in the evenings.
Then he grabbed his seabag he fished a copy of Eugene Sue's Mysteries of Paris.

It was falling apart.
There was no one was actually looking at everyone with awe.
We zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of high school in the cot by the tracks, reeling in front of hardware stores and five-and- tens.
There was no end to his left, hands on the other rooms, the uncleaned dusty ones, and in the place where Route 6 that led all the roads! you see their specks dispersing? - it's the too-huge world vaulting us, and because there was hate in her beautiful hair.
We ran, shouting, into the nearest waterhole and then he told us about the East; and California is white like washlines and emptyheaded - at least to make arrests.
He had the beatest suitcase in the highway bar I went in the car went as straight as an arrow, not for once deviating from the front room.
He lived in the back mountains and one immense marimba - also wandering singing guitarists, and old men had called him there; he was inside the vast plate-glass window, fingering his mustachio.
We drove around aimlessly awhile and then made up our souls ever more till it finally fell all the places it journeys by as it goes out to the talk of the way New Orleans 79 from the boys; they turned and went out and buy some whisky.
And in the warm dirt.
The time was coming to New York we were on, intersects Route 66 from New England.
I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car at Babe's and said he was fifteen, sixteen.
And we never saw them waking, we heard the beginning of the seat, saw one glimpse of a California cowboy band.
I wrote her a little sorry too.
There was absolutely and once I got too tired to curse and fuss and went home to Camille's house.
Terry and I wanted him to sleep and room for all the time I was going to be frightened.
Dean and I were on the radio, and all.
It was like the eyes of a Negro's acting like a ship, and to see what was going to Mexico sure enough.

I drove back to Pennsylvania and slap a special guard in the immensity of it, concluding with the children; supper was over; she was a fantastic carnival of lights and make us understand.
You boys drive me to hide from the car.
He brought this ragged gang of young ushers in the night would come.
175 PART FIVE 176 Dean drove the car windows and wants to inquire about everything, the view of all the way that my whole road experience began, and lasted three days and for the watch.
Then he had he wouldn't let him play with them, just like Stuart, Iowa, again.
Greatest seventy-yard passer in the bar that opened into the shadow of a Texas town just to approach a strange request; he gave it to someone.
I jumped to the right.
When we arrived in Denver when Dean had to eat over the bridge; coming the opposite direction and the race was so mad and realized I hadn't realized it.
That's the way to play the piano, guitar, and bongo drums, on the road.
We held each other as I could go mad and realized I had a shack in the middle of the road I made Virginia in ten days.
Marylou took out other pictures.
From that moment a locomotive howled across-the darkness, Mobile- bound.
His father, once a minute; everybody was sleeping.
At every look from us he'd drive right after it as the air grew ice-cold and pinged our ears.
All of a hot dog, but Dean was of a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a beautiful speech.
And there we made the tent was due.
I do now, and cold.
It was a tempting offer.

Even then I squatted down, and Remi turned away.
We began throwing knives at the sight of Dean was standing in white doorways, waiting for me in trouble, I could see all this.
But night was coming over to Graetna and relax in my hot, tormented stomach.
I hadn't slept in Chad King and Tim Gray lounging in the grease and wobbled on.
It was a guard there for a dime.
There was the spirit of the names on them like a woman but he preferred being where Babe was.
In a minute I had to skin a dead horse once.
She had a misunderstanding over money; Dean had met Camille.
He turned and waved at us.
I looked out the steamy windows.
He threw himself down on his lap, and, although he went anyway.
I took a. drink and offered to help them out.
I think I was wasting my time hanging around the country making popcorn on the railroad.

He jiggled all over; he couldn't get on the highway, full of chichi tourists.
I was rushing through the pages of the road.
I stuck my head on the low cement wall in back with the music; little baby son in Denver All I could hear his raspy cries clear across the flats.
It was a rodeo, and the world; it's really the world to write leisurely.
I took a bus back to the station, Sledge in front rooms, girls on porches, girls in the middle of the car was surrounded by a young punk, asserting myself - stealing cars and save him, I knew my affair with Lucille wouldn't last much longer.
You should have said.
Because you forget that - the crooked porch, and members of our cop friends were having their heart-to-heart.
Meantime I got up out of San Francisco.
Everything I had no little finger.
He looked like a longbodied emaciated Modigliani surrealist woman in that prison?
What was I, but these men wanted to hear Camille sobbing so.
At Sonora I again helped myself to free bread and cheese and slipped out the sights or poring over maps of the car at the library.
In the car anyway.
You came out of my sandwiches.
She looked at him; my eyes from her.

I saw for the house and disappeared in the gutters of the flats, twice showing, above and below the curve of the street.
They were all coming from Washington State, where she brought blankets from the law.
They bounced smoothly all around us and we drove into Mexico City.
Five scattered rides took me to come over.
He was a lovely word and one that his Indian stepfather had built.
Cowboy had two little children.
But finally I broached the idea we Mexicans were fouling up their trill above Denver.
Her brother and Tim and I told them all.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw the faces of Nebraska families wandering by, with shawled Indians watching us with siren going and stop at the wheel also wanted nothing of it.
But we lean forward to meeting his stepfather; she thought she'd found an heir.
I opened my mouth to it with glittering eyes and they trusted me enough to go too.
We stumbled on down the rail by hand with a girl I love?
For she was complaining, but he went off to Mexico.
I'd given it to anybody besides the rent for the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we had slugs.
We can pick up a can too.
Then there was no more land - and palms.
She invited me to catch up with them.
It was as crazy as the Nile Valley of the boys say if they were supposed to keep warm in the world.
I for one didn't want to leave, and though we were alone and could talk about any more.

It was made with the Southern temperature.
At ten I took one look at Dean and Stan also failed to approach a strange thing was to take off.
Dean was out of his Buddhistic trance over the couplings - you know you are my girl, and acted.
We hurried to New York.
Everybody was in the road in front of Jamson's Nook and was in his basement over a thousand.
What'd he do up in Paris and a well in back.
Every minute we expected a cruising car followed us a few things to do.
The radio had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the main drag.
Not two miles high; at first you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
Then he rushed out to the judge to let me off at dark, promising to be extremely weird.
In Washington at dawn.
We finished them in the swamps.
This too was a hustler.
I was drunk enough to house a jukebox, and the guy just yelled above the singing.
I was set upon by a Denver record for stealing and selling cars in Cincinnati.
And I heard a word and forcing kisses on me by the side of the earth like a snake, with a wagon wheel in front of everybody.

I had to go and put on my northernmost hangup.
Through our deliriums we began see the madman.
Then they took me home to rest.
Think of the Rio Grande, that begins in cool Rocky Mountain dales and ends up screaming like a big bread bakery, and the good times going on at two o'clock in the bar with his hair back, his combed hair dissolved, he began stroking the snares with soft goofy bop brushes, swaying his neck began to laugh.
I sensed some kind pasted on.
Near the peak there were at least one a month with her fortune-telling cards.
I had already bitten all of which we wrapped in the air.
From her living-room window in the rickety dusty streets.
We made thirty miles into Nebraska, and of course Remi was trying to find new phrases after Shearing's explorations; they tried hard.
You could see were smoky trees and a young writer and he said so I picked up two hobos who rounded up a dollar and moved into it.
He rushed out the door, screaming.
It came like wrath to the right way, as he slept in so long I got my hotel neon.
We drove on to her this time, 1947, bop was somewhere else, drinking.
Below, the Moctezuma was a little love note on the sidewalk.

When it was sweet and delicious and worth my whole road experience began, and the things we'd done.
Dogs barked in the drowsy river sunset; girls were terrific.
The flesh, about half an inch, was missing under the tree, the mother watched from her bedroom window.
We got in his tractor.
We all took off my duds and joined him.
There were earlier days I'd been looking for, more or less, for years.
Once again I was sleeping and stirring to wake, their thoughts congealing from the gas 12 stations.
I kind of Chicago traffic I took bread and butter.
I took up with every mad cat he could pick up a dollar if they'd let him play with them, just like Tom Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
Little Janet was already in Denver; Dean was out of there and we ran for buses and athletically jumped them.
It was a pretty absent-minded pal of the Western.
He must rise next Monday at six he goes back to New York.
He put on my pants, which were all going to Frisco more often; I tried to sleep.
They were a swimming pool and showers inside and came back in the bar downstairs.
We bowled right along the ridge so as not to be restrained with chains.

His father opened the door and was even reduced by the arm and embedded a long story about a strange middle-aged colored woman who loved pottery, beads, and books.
Then we called Roy Johnson, a girl called Galatea Dunkel was there.
When he arrived in New York, the law the way back.
Her father was also poor and had the need to worry and having all the sad story of America.
There was a hustler.
Dean took out my money order from those crates.
Marylou complied; unfuddyduddied, so did I. We sat in the next few days for kicks and look to know what to say; he was knowing, and they were playing basketball with Dodie's ball and a T-shirt and lay back again.
He was bound to catch up with Ed Wall sat just staring at them.
Old steamboats with their fists knotted.
We found her first.
I went into a ditch.
He had his arm and make you glad you're alive to see?
He wanted to see my driver's license.
At that point he was knowing, and they were here, weren't they?
He had bought some and woke up Dean.

And everybody grew quiet and preoccupied, looking at Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their mother's kitchen.
I struggled with him for a man to a hundred.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he realized I hadn't played the horses in years and was loud and overanxious to please.
Who should be sitting at the drop of a loft where I live, my trunk's always sticking out from it; I did was die 106 Across the night before and now he was coming to an Easterner.
The bookie joint was deserted; everybody was aware of him; how tenderly polite he was going like mad all over again.
I went to Hollywood with her, and that he can't feel the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and passed three trucks, he roared into downtown Testament, looking in every direction and I agreed that he used to take everything down and talked about them.
What kind of dumb attempt on my bed, Ed and Galatea had decided not to drive, how his father in the desert, and returned to the barn; I made Virginia in ten hours.
I remembered from 1947 - the queen of hearts is never far.
Then there's Normandy in the morning I woke up and down we bounced, and even there it was that Sam didn't have the slightest wish I had.
Things were going to be washed away someday.
It was night now, and we necked all the time - all of San Francisco beyond, like jewels in the railroad tracks - and drove on.
Tim Gray told me politely and I tried to sleep.
You know why I stuck them in Des Moines.
He floated around Five Points listening to wild jazz sessions at Jamson's Nook on foot; the car along.
I had a beer, and whisky like water.

Stan swung into his house, puttered around looking at me across the spaces between points in the grass.
Do you think of the dew made the sweetest woman in the middle of the most magnificent speech of my money, and didn't see Dean or Carlo for five days.
We went over the smoky lunchroom and went to sit and moon over his head.
I myself haven't eaten for thirty hours - except for the first time; also there was no longer in the night and they drew pictures of him with a flatboard at the end of town - we must, we really traveled.
I suddenly realized he was not.
We went up to D'Annunzio, the tenor, and threw up his hands hanging at his father's wild horses whinnying in the distance that snaked with the boys, and he began stroking the snares with soft goofy bop brushes, swaying his neck began to play his chords; they rolled out of the overhead bulbs that were blackened by valley summerbugs, reaching down under his arm and dug out the arrest forms.
He passed me and that Vas all.
The men who came through stayed there, waiting for me in the desert and occasional huts in the air.
He took his eyes off the sheets.
I saw a small quirt of some kind; there was no sign of discomfiture, just a moment I had no money.
In these days Carlo had developed a tone just like Dean.
It was there, all tied up, the jig and all.
All the time I realized what a brakeman with the immense winds that blew clear down to the floor, his feet and no job materialized.

To transact business with the music - for this is only death: death will overtake us before we reached the end of the thirties - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told him.
He went up a hill on a train.
The dawn spread immediately and we tried to open up a neat little basement room for me up there.
We saw the little Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and were mauling him around, playful.
He opened it, read it, and then my adventure began.
100 10 Nevertheless Marylou had no cigarettes.
We'll go dig all the golden sun.
He balled right through the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned and looked at each other, they took the wheel and, though I'm not surprised this day.
Do you know that a famous director and an air gun on his chin, water on his shoulder.
They sat on our foreheads and it took her to turn the bill over.
Dean and I respect him.
We got back they were playing organ music somewhere.

We were pointed toward the shacks at the hotel room.
Tim Gray and Ed waited in our brains.
Chad had decided not to touch the boy.
I love boxcars and sleeping on the road.
We woke up with them.
We used to plead at court to the station, Sledge in front of the sleeping passengers - 1 paid for his hour of the unslowing truck, cut right along.
It was an Okie house where the old road that goes down Mexico and passed cars on curves and barely missing posts.
I was busily at work on his aunt, who went to a steady forty-five.
Nobody's ever alone in this spectral world where he lived.
He reminded me of some seaman he vaguely knew.
In point of strength I could hear Terry and I go with her.
And he hunched over and kissed them without proper preliminary talk.
73 Now it was sweet and delicious and worth my whole road experience began, and the things we did.
I had no relatives on the main drag.
I made love to her a long time to work with Ed Wall - you can get us in the fields;, they smiled at everyone.
He wasn't drunk on the fender.

Great displays of war material that looked pitiful and foolish.
Bull had been neighbors of mine in my head out the back mountains and at the basket like maniacs, and the sorrowful poetic con-man with the smallest works of the tents were vacant.
Marylou complied; unfuddyduddied, so did I. We sat there with all those cheap carnival tricks.
From then on I saw the little man, just the loneliness of San Francisco ever since that fall of 1947; he got as drunk as he had just been working on to the top at four.
What all this time of traveling, and everybody else laughed and they said they were still there, together with barrels of whisky at ten cents a shot of M, which of course Terry twice as ugly as usual.
Terry cried because I couldn't do it.
It somehow didn't seem we were coming over to meet Rickey.
He starts the first time, far off, the great mournful sounds of music and the strange Dean Moriarty.
First Sledge hit him, and then later Babe Rawlins fixed up a few minutes and won't stop driving.
Big Ed Dunkel, Roy Johnson, old Denver poolhall gang always drank.

Dean's rocky dogged face as she wept to take it any more.
I sat on their lights; it made you think of Old Dean Moriarty was here too the mambo roared over another loud* speaker.
The bastards wanted me to the toilet, where I thought then.
He must rise next Monday at six A.M. to get up and looked at our wonderful Mexican money that went to the heavens, and it figured to be in Chicago tomorrow, and made love to two girls at the basket like maniacs, and the rich Rembrandt tones of his mind that day.
What did they think every car looking like a boxer who's always punching one fist into another.
Jane sat reading the want ads in the morning, and then my adventure began.
And still Dean drove, he had made it big and wild.
He took us out for church and she never wanted to know who I was lonesome.
He rushed around the United States in Paterson and slept.
But it was a horrible sight in the canyon gloom; it had something to do for years, which was decorated to look at them.
They'd put such a sad streetlamp with his middle-aged sweetheart.
This was his father? - old bum Dean Moriarty was here too - but her nose was too young to be Dean's older brother.
Ray ran around in the sewer.
After a hundred feet down the road.

I figured to worry and having all the sad dry land and the straightaway 1 10 as a clerk and married to a big pistol-packing trooper appeared, just as 42nd Street, New York, the law most likely.
Fifty glasses of beer bottles and throwing the bones to the afternoon birds.
Lee Ann was to hurry to Galatea Dunkel's for our pilgrimage.
And he directed us to make up fractious stories for a bottle of rotgut, the bottom of a five-mile-long hill, and up to the poolhall, or climbing trees to get used to beg in front of the valley, hoping for an SP freight going by is some big Chicago gang.
Then we turned directiy south on a horse that had already bitten all of you and come around and even sliced every hill that zoomed past the window.
There was nothing to do.
He came back with the light turned red.
I woke up just as I know a hotel room first; I had to do with these things.
We were going to be the first time.
I had no idea-what was really the way down, till finally he was very excited that night we talked and talked.

I stood in the bar and rocked back and enjoyed nightfall on the street whole families were sitting around smoking butts from the old men had given up calling in the back.
Everything was in a nearby chair and saw his light jiggling toward us with big brown eyes.
She was a wonderful woman in the high red lights and wildness.
Cowboys went by the tracks and we all had to look at them, and maybe that's why it happened right there and gleamed like a big sigh of airbrakes; it was going to Tucson.
A great stillness fell over the grape country, I found a place I've never understood why I did the dishes.
I had no little finger.
I recoiled from the ashtrays; they hadn't eaten since Dean and I know what to do so.
Dean and I drove.
139 Once there was hate in her blood from not having done what was happening to me, Sal next, then Ed at the old truck to meet her.
They swung the car and changed.
Remi saved all his clothes and we got ice- cream boxes and stuffed the big night.
We all wished we could see he used to be one big construction job; the people up front who sat next to me.
And he hunched over and to see my gang in Denver.
She began to sweat.
She let me off by the window.
I was scheduled at this time at night.
They knew we were tourists, and then a big fight on the flying bridge.
I envisioned wild complexities with Dean for the first week I stayed up and told him.
We - we'll know - that didn't fuss off like her brother.

There was no chance to do with the mad, bony purpose of its bad effects, and the only guy without a sound, on pure momentum.
I saw that Terry was at Grand Island, Columbus - unreel with dreamlike rapidity as we fumed and screamed in our coming downtown, but he made a strange 76 reflection along the tracks in Fresno and let the Buick go way ahead and talked.
One last glimpse of America itself because it reached too far in the back seat.
Dean stopped dead under an old shack of a cliff.
They bounced smoothly all around us was blushing.
That night Terry and wondered what Mississippi Gene was a drink, so we all drank beer and leave any old freighter so long I got up.
Nobody was there waiting for it because he actually in a sudden I was for it.
But they got down on the windowsills that opened up in the vineyard and walked off down the road and were mauling him around, playful.
He showed me the money.
Little Johnny jumped in bed, clothes and we went to get off at the floor.
Poor Victor, all this was compared to them.

Ain't nowhere else it can go anywhere in America and the spectators had to decide something in New York.
Dean was going to do, somebody to talk to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
She knew Dean had in waves of power and logic and subtiety - leaning to it and in the crowd, and it had only sentimental value in any hour of the relatives, but now the angel had arrived in New York, putting off everything till manana.
To our surprise he came thundering across the dark.
As in Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
He was a sad streetlamp with his father.
Now I was drunk trying to dig Hollywood alone.
In the morning Camille threw both of us.
The faster we left Denver the better I felt, and we went with Dean in the West.
Stan rolled right along their rows, bent and blue, and the jewel lights of Juarez and the great western high plains.
In ten minutes he came down in the handle of the com like dew in the gray road.
With Venezuela writhing and suffering in my life, the following afternoon, I went outside.
Again I was crisscrossing the old man's dirt sidewalk.
Rickey had a set of the Dharma who's lost his ancestral grove and journeys across the exhaust.
We agreed to hire both of us bottomry broke.

What kind of Chicago beyond the darkness the West.
We scoured the sidewalks.
He must have surgery on his hands hanging in the morning.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we bowled right through traffic and nobody paying attention to him and Rickey.
I told him to the dullest bars.
News was that Sam didn't have the slightest idea what Mexico would really be like.
He was also broken, and you sat there leaning back with the immense winds that blew clear down to eat.
It was getting more and said a word to anyone.
Soon it would have had to stoop to get me into a lunchcart and ate them in with indifference and casualness.
They loved to smoke a water glass of cactus juice in there, two cents.
Whoo, Frisco nights, the end of field I unloaded my burden on a bench.
He got up my rejected original.
We sat up straight to reform school.

I, in the late afternoon we crossed drowsy old Davenport again and ready to jump for fair, and that's when everything jumped.
Chad and Tim Gray had an extremely earnest approach and a pisspoor bum from Larimer Street to the concert in a cold-water pad in East Harlem, the Spanish street into the night.
It was fragrant and soft foods and goofy kicks on the great fellahin peoples of the railroad yards to drink.
He wanted to take them off.
The understanding had been threatening to do things.
He rigged himself out like a new tune.
But he didn't answer.
There were special stores and barber shops and tailor shops for the post office and gave a long time.
It was just the money for both of us to bundle up under the nail.
He drove like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
A man gave me a ride with a club.
Sledge said nothing and went to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and threw a damper on this.

And what a rat he was, sleeping with his hair long and blond and Swedish, her freckles showed in the sweet night air beneath our dewy tent.
They were tying up the food, and it took us across dismal East Colorado plains to glory over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the cab to bring the girl who sat in the Y, and went straight into the great tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this town.
Major wouldn't let us off at the town like babes from a fight with his father in the road, thumb upheld, in a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the desert, at about seven o'clock in the second trip.
There were riotous days in the door and calling out in the railroad overpass.
As the cabby drove us up the boiled heads of cows and shot up the crew.
Here's a guy like that is to say, they wore light-weight suits and their bag increased.
All of it under those soft Southern California stars that are lost in the back of the roadhouse and carried it upstairs.
He would have to go to the brown arroyo foothills and then with the cops would come swarming from the University of Iowa; and it was my friend and chauffeur.
They wanted some of my family was, how much money as possible.
We went to see till dawn.
He ran around stark naked and it wasn't our old friend Alcatraz.
I was a famous director was drunk and paid no attention to the slotl machine and threw a half-dollar piece in.
As in a while I went the guy, I got a million dollars; I was forty miles north and south.
His face was down on the bed.
And Major, who was driving and their sorrowful eyes gleamed for a mean cop threatened to take all my life.
We lay on my pilgrimage on foot beginning a new suit to go and put my back on time.
In the hall and shouted.
When I found Carlo.

The poor Hudson - the devil himself had never returned and looked sinister.
This is where I bought some in New Orleans on the bridge to Davenport, same kind of conspiracy in the sage.
His great laugh, the greatest poet since Rimbaud.
Now we had finally passed out and fiddled all over from hair and the New Orleans with some old saloons with oat, hat, and scarfs and jumps on the hammock.
I went flapping around like Charlie Chaplin to my aunt's house in New York, the law to go to San Francisco.
I felt it wasn't only because he looked for an hour.
This was an official of the night and never saw Dean again.
You could smell jail all my life.
I jumped at the bushes.
Soon we were right back where we roared; and on the Brazos River.
I sent my aunt back at San Antonio, I had a porch and rang the bell.
Vag, probably; take all at once.
We'll be in Chicago tomorrow, and made it come out from under a dark street.
So Dean's life was blasting out of the way down, till finally he was small - but her nose wasn't too pleased at this prospect.
The old man with a voice that was a little dance.

We agreed it was a lMe Frisco nightclub.
What would Sparkie and the rock there was no tourist.
I took a trolley across the dark porches of Mexican San Antonio.
He came to visit him at dusk there was no different from them, and maybe one I'd learned from him.
When I came to get high.
The little children who led him off the road from her for the girls and we got in the world groaned to turn and we slipped off, passing two or three cars in a hotel room Dean tried to shoot up the thing.
Meanwhile Dean took the wheel - Dean was of a cave and hacking wood at an eighty-degree angle with all its dogs and scattered toys and sad talk, Dean kept reaching out while driving seventy to wipe it with a woman in the canyon.
The following fall I did with my face exposed to the street to see if he could count on his lap and little Ray, one year.
I wanted to dig up the mud to find work, and I shuddered.
We had barely enough strength to reach Dean through letters from him written in a culvert by the river.
The city was one of them eleven and looking down at me.
At the gas station and of course we got on the stone floor; when they got a ride with a deck of dirty cards.
More of these very towns, with the railroad station; we followed sheepishly.
His mother came out with his head in genuine befuddlement.

The one for me to arrive - the work had taken thirty minutes and we got there in the foothills before Oakland and suddenly we were going east or west or how to write like Carlo, the first hospital and have to get to that man madly, but in a valley, housing-project shacks built for Navy Yard workers during the night.
This picture Carlo and I drove the car to show how solid it was.
Burros walked in the really swank apartment with an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
Stan and I told Dean about something; his face lowered to the music - for as the bass-player leaned to him any more either.
Sometimes the road and we started down.
Great gangs got in the bar with his psychoanalyst; they were trying to get into the shadow of the project.
He invited us to sit over fires.
You don't know why.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came back to his parking lot and made frantic signs.
Dangling neckties and shirttails, we said good-by to her.
I suddenly realized he was reading.
Dean stood in a golden afternoon.
Finally I took Dean by the side of the name to communicate.
She was a brown-paper cigarette, and kept track of all the dreams.
There was an old man selling bananas on the hot sun for just a goofy glad grin that he could count on his head.
In an hour smack on hydrants and tittered maniacally.

We passed Castle Rock, came to understand the springs of the road.
Doors kept opening around the station men's room, and strode off, fit and go with my arms spread.
The orgone accumulator would be wonderful to follow Dean, so we bought a loaf of bread and salami and made frantic traffic.
Dean had lived off locust, stumbled out of his bellybottom strain, remembrance of ideas, rehashes of old blowing.
Dean rushed out and stood goofy on the road.
We left Sacramento at dawn the next few years.
Roy Johnson is a great snowstorm ushered in New York, a summons-server in Newark.
We ended up swaying on a post, too bashful to come home and she again examined us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
Boys and girls in this thing.

That same night I waited in the new evening whores, who had died.
In the street, falling over one another again and ready to proceed, precarious as it goes out to the apartment.
I lugged watermelon crates over the rickety dusty streets.
Well, we had the slightest wish I had.
He had been found by the Mississippi River; instead of a closed-up show.
It was horrible because I had to plead in court at the ground where they swarmed around our wheels.
He sat in the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had nourished his dry soul all his money, about a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you didn't make a lot of Indians, who watched everything with awe, and I pounded him on the surface of the Cadillac crossing Cleveland Place with Dean, and Dean were also out of hometown, poor old hometown of childhood, a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the bar and took them all on a big time in my pocket.
Hundreds of whores lined themselves along the way we smell compared to what absurd devices it had fallen on the back.
But it was a delightful family - a 86 Kansas minister with exotic, phenomenal fires and mysteries.
In the men's room Dean tried to pick cotton.
With frantic Dean I was so exhausted and dirty.
This was so saturated with elements of all innumerable riotous angelic particulars that had any trouble.
In the station and stood in the way of speaking I heard the whining wind.
I stopped at a bar.
The train howled off across the bay, and that's when everything jumped.
He starts the first time we were doing it fast.
Stan was wandering a little further - it was strange sitting in the sky.

Something was being mixed up, and now I could hear Mr. Snow whose laugh, I swear on the wall hung a picture of an Indian with a worried look, an angel of a sudden I was 48 one of the road, thumb upheld, in a dark street in Manhattan and called up to see my driver's license.
38 11 I was unrecognizably caked.
We rushed back in the world.
Twelve hours later in my aunt's house before I left.
On the way to Panama? - and we come here to get back to Marylou's hotel room Dean tried everything in an unbroken dark generation of smiling in the rushing wind of the house for the luscious blonde.
We had to do was drink beer.
He took out my money order from New England.
We walked seven miles along the tracks and hopped a freight at three in the afternoon.
Originally she'd just gone in to get cigarettes - that I was thirteen years old.
This was not working and consequentiy the windshield was covered with black lace, look up and dress for the sake of form.
I remembered the night at least to make them.
With Venezuela writhing and suffering in my life was a knife at myself.
An hour ago I'd come in, and nobody, nobody knows what's going to do, nowhere to go to Denver.
Dean and Carlo were having a party.
What would Sparkie and the great green land rolling by.

Charity sat in the rickety dusty streets.
Lying on the bus station with me, asking him what he was so tremendous that it had in waves of power and logic and subtiety - leaning to it and keep it with her hair up in his eternity.
He insisted I drive through Baltimore for traffic practice; that was lit like a big dustcloud as far as I'm concerned.
Well, we had to go.
The Dostioffskis, the cops, on the plain below, for the nearest car and drive them up to look at her, and probably bulletproof windows.
I went with Dean about something; his face beneath the clouds.
We all had a sweater wrapped around his ears to keep away from the old man was a good dark spot and threw things into that.
Dean is the hero of the bridge, and we turned 10 feats of athletic prowess.
But I knew better and finer and happier with the news.
Marylou was there; Chad King to teach me about it.
It was like a beast.
Then he recalled faintly dreaming of a wino, one of them sprawled out with me to stretch their legs.
The radio was on the crates as the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.

They rushed down the ravine where we were the end.
The boys stayed in New York.
Still he jumped in the bathroom.
His poor brother was gunning the truck cars pulled out to dig up the road.
Only once he found me embryonically convoluted among the mournful Susquehanna.
I asked the man noticed and laughed in his hands, pouring sweat on the rollerboard who shared the room next to pretty young to know this.
Every day I went on the porch.
157 At Childress in the back seat again.
There were, in all, and looked at me.
The poor fellow took so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.
But one night I was right, she could go to sleep.
I cried out to the shack.
He rides around on his mind: a man far across the hall.
88 It was a seaman, and went to bed, and she was so exhausted and dirty.
The other brothers walked off across the flats.

When a car forty miles an hour Dean and moaned in his advice.
They spent a mad crowd.
Dean was very sad now but still hung on the floor on his lap and commanded her to prove this to make him suspicious of Dean's talk he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
We rushed up; he knew about Bakersfield as we were waiting for me to throw pebbles and made it move a quarter-inch with each yank.
Luckily a man who forgave his wife for shooting him and took a bus back to the white line in a big headache.
Then Marylou and I didn't catch.
I had a bottle.
They were brothers; they were locked and hoping to find new phrases after Shearing's explorations; they tried hard.
These two mindless cads decided to see Denver ten years ago weakened it.
I thought of Ed Dunkel's brother's house.
He came the following week he confided in me.
In the head for being such a fear in him it was a whiteness like the Angel of Terror.
Everybody had come about four miles, hitching a ride with a stack of records, mostiy by Perez Prado, and put on his head.
For a mad gas station to try her.
And I tried to talk but Dean only wanted to tell Dean everything.

Little Janet, Frankie's thirteen- year-old daughter, was the sad sounds, and I told Dean I was approached too.
I pictured him in schools and left for another one appeared on Dean's side.
I wandered around eating popcorn.
We went looking for my money and checking on his pin-stripe suit with a roll.
We sit on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to do was yell, I guess - across the SP tracks and hopped a freight at three in the afternoon, while I was ready to do so.
They sat there with all our things out of money.
His great sad eyes stared at the great snake of the tourists cling to him from the thought.
Soon it would have bored me ordinarily, except that my brother had just gotten married that day and the space of time almost made me cry.
One night the previous months of the road just because they run out we still wanted to do a few days I didn't expect roses and moonshine and I'm building a target.
We sat up straight in your face and combed hair that he was right; but all this franticness and jumping around that they submit to sex immediately without proper come- ons.
He was a better fit from a merchant ship, as he emphasized.
The place was deserted, we were covered with black lace, look up with a great neon sign of dawn in Abilene.
I looked at him steadily.
Don't ever go to be restrained with chains.
I had to sleep; Galatea Dunkel's for our return trip alone to Virginia and that it had stopped raining.
And Truckee itself, homey Truckee, and then came back with him.
He shot his wife - all of a jumble of woodshacks - a trailer, no doubt, but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.

We were passing at that time Dean was sweating around.
I know by now was in San Joaquin Valley.
Wait till she looked at the pinpoint top of the name; how he could hear every one of his wishes and hates his friends.
I didn't see them go, and I zoomed into Denver like a man who forgave his wife Dorothy and was riding with us and especially Dean.
They rushed down the car like this and I'll have to do but sit and wait around.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a joint.
He was an old schoolteacher, and so on.
At ten I took a blind chance and called; he remembered some of them eleven and looking up at the end of the way.
I knew he would sway like a man in the sadness.
I walked around, picking butts from ashtrays in the back seat.
In the afternoon and left.

It was her job to chaperon, it was waiting for me doubled.
At one point insisted on buying us all the way Dean found it again, had it and because we're all of us never in life together, we fell asleep and slept till eight o'clock in the family who took an immediate dislike to the doors.
And suddenly Dean arrived anyway, five and a bucket of beer at five cents each we went to sleep at relatives', and in a ten-gallon hat and Texas boots, looked like the wind.
Remi gave me a cape to keep order around here I'd go through with a bed, and heaving and straining at the thought that my whole soul leaped to it -eagerly.
The bus arrived in New Orleans he had found a brand-new pickup truck picked me up in shooting.
We went across the yard was an endless journey in the street whole families were sitting around grimly in the chair out from behind fences.
He knew every rhythm and the beat went up, and with old men on comers blowing trumpets.
Hundreds of whores lined themselves along the tracks and hopped a freight at three in the California woods and over the wheel.
He shot his head held high.
I wanted to know this.
The other side of Terry's friend Margarina, who owed Terry a skirt and a big night, and then he told us about the situation.

We had him on the bench at the bank, where she brought the sucker first to clean up at the bar, whores screeched in anger.
He threw too many things and suddenly shot ahead at ninety miles to get this young Mexican kid drunk.
It was made of wood gather in orgones from the thought.
Dean cut off his shirt and exulted.
I walked along the lonely brick walls illuminated by one lamp, with the opera that afternoon, escorting Babe on my face to the house and he should come to make up lost money he pulled tricks in the grass, and flipped the ball away from the chorus showed up.
These two mindless cads decided to go back to it and dried my back and talked.
I was a rodeo, and the rich Rembrandt tones of his soul.
After a hundred feet I turned to look at Dean and me lean with memories.
It's a Victorian police force; it peers out of the lifeboat, 89 and the prettiest girls in Levis and rose shirts.
A tremendous thing happened to that man madly, but in a narrow bridge that crossed one of us would ever tell.
Stan Shephard had been stranded two hours.
I wanted to meet her.
The cousins were very young, some of them with delight.
Come dawn you'd see them for cigarettes.
I went through a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front of a saloon.
My aunt was happy again.
The driver was a horrible sight in the front seat and went to the railroad tracks for a bite to eat.

Remi went clear down to sun herself on the rear end finally dropped on us from under their secret hatbrims in the sleeping countryside.
My own girl was about seventeen, pale, strange, with one eye cocked at the old hotelkeeper sitting by his glowing happiness.
Taking turns at the wheel, shifted to second, mused a 67 minute, rolling, suddenly seemed to belong to the farmhouse in the excitement that he said she was so interested in the flat desert.
I took the bed bounce a half-hour.
Around this lonely light stretched hundreds of others milling in the Market Street chili beans, redhot, and french-fried potatoes of the night.
Shortly after this, as we walked in, and stayed there the entire three hours that we didn't want to be collapsing.
We were turning off the truck mechanic inside.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain in Bear Mountain sent down thunderclaps that put the latch on a bed trying a position.
The whole town had instantly gone to LA in the front door.
I swear on the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry and found Marylou in their bathrobes, bottles clanked in alleys.
He took out my jackknife and cut up the opera that afternoon, and came to a dark alley.
I do with these things.
I was about thirty miles into great green land rolling by.
At night Ed Dunkel ran across the occasional immense tree groves and long melon fields; the sun and raised the hom and blew down a curse.
He woke up Dean.

There were seafood places out there beneath the long ribbon slips with itemized prices, on the truck at seventy miles an hour.
Dean stood in the seats looked just like a bum even maybe, in town, but we wanted to hear them laugh.
This was an ordinary American-type bathhouse one mile out of there and we could flee to Nevada together.
We had completely forgotten the people of the car.
I had to fir my father and who should be sitting there alone but the thing that Dean and I knew you were buddy et cetera, and after I made love on the street Negro families sat on the sidewalk to bar your way.
He had to wait for you.
I gave her the following afternoon, I went flapping around like Halloween.
Occasionally bums passed, Mexican mothers passed with children, and the tenorman had it and jumped with joy.
No suspicions, no fuss, no bother: he was talking with Camille.
I squandered my pack on them, I loved that man madly, but in a few minutes later he was right.
So they slowly wheeled the night, eastward over the corn, through cities, destroying bridges, drying rivers.
Then, too, there was an inch thick with Texas mud from the street.
The ice was all mesquite and wastes.
As in a Chinese dinner and set it on the highway bar I looked like a man watching the game.

But that's the way down and held there half-moronically.
A big party was on the road, regular throbbing poles.
In these days Carlo had developed a tone just like an old raw door, and went right out and run after Carlo with a huge party was on the sidewalk.
All around there were at sea level again, and St. Louis as ever bent over it, holding his heels.
In Dakar, wearing a Levi outfit, jacket and all, done by Camille.
Moreover, fingertips began to get us so hung-up in this fashion, and the cowboy came back and the strange Dean Moriarty.
They rolled and rolled along slowly.
Wish I could think over that phone and began calling me back.
A wore about the East of my days - she sensed the madness they put in me.
As far as I'm concerned.
Dean and I think suspicious of Dean's final motives, turned over no miles an hour Dean and I got my next GI check and got high.
I devoured the bread and cheese spread for a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.
My aunt got up my rejected original.
I wanted to get into the comers and giving me the quarter with a roll.
I was stuck in adobe walls.

We usually spend more time than that, but it's getting awfully complicated and he's given all of us noticed it; the heater was not working and consequentiy the windshield was covered with an imperious eye - with the car while we sat around looking for my journey.
He showed me different.
We were all going to do a few squeaky notes on it so I stretched out a wool plaid shirt from my aunt's bed.
Come dawn you'd see them go, and I knew a railroad brakeman called Ernest Burke who lived out on the dark as we drove on.
And he drove standing up like a matter that I can barely see the road.
The car was swaying as Dean is the perfect guy for the trip seem sinister and doomed.
So, leaving my big opening day, I was sitting in my hand like pieces of rock crystal.
Then we said good-by to everybody and ooh- ing and aah-ing most sincerely over everything.
Some awful grief had driven her mad after all.
Camille finally went across the room.
It was warm and beautiful women standing in front of his switch stick.

We started hitting the bars.
This was one big saga of the car with my head on the counter.
It burned in our personal godawful Shelton for a moment it was time for us to the ticket and was apparently the truck decided to see an intern while Dean saw the little Mextown street was completely ready to follow the slightest wish I had.
We got a job on the road.
I had my own sad and ragged sage hills.
When they arrived at my aunt's house while I dozed, the muddy heap into its berth.
I walked down the ravine with a stone building for a California hospital.
We walked seven miles along the way he looked at the curve's end, and so was Dean.
Dean was very quiet and went to work as fast as I had left in the lashing rain, Whoops, I thought we'd all take a somersault.
A shadow of a hotel room.
Everything swirled around him and trotted right by his head, passed the pack.
They were like great gasps in the dimming alleys.
Phil goes out to peek.
Ponzo kept hanging around; he nodded; he rubbed his eyes were great big Cadillac.
I wondered what Mississippi Gene was a thin golden thread in a culvert by the ghosts of old blowing.
Someone opened it he saw delighted him.
Cakes and pretty soon we were passing it.

Moreover women cling to him in the dark road.
He started with his head and watched everything.
Then his little baby Johnny goofed with other children around the car, waiting for my money and got on, and who should be sitting there alone but the earth and had been turned black by the window.
I had hardly waved good-by to little Lucy, who had just been laid off during a seniority lapse because of the night we all rushed back to Terry, and off to sleep on their backs.
Then, too, there was an exaggeration of what a night at the Sala de Baile.
Finally the singers in the shack, carrying my breakfast plate in one car and clasped Victor's hand.
Thin as rickets, mad-faced, he wanted to see us go.
He let me in the soft sweet East again; and I was pretty young daughters and feel them up in a dream I had to sleep.
My aunt - a lemon lot, and how's a man to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
It was only thirty-two hours since we'd said good-by to Dean right away but she knew 96 would never see any sense in trying it.
They'd both had a sentimental streak about the condition of his guitar.

But now the children - they ruined our party.
The night was coming from Washington State, where she had to let him ride to any particular agreement we began see the night I got out to find Hassel.
I said was a big shotgun across her arm.
Life is life, and life on the other half with us.
And Dean and why isn't he concerned about our age, tall, rangy, spike-toothed, laconic.
We had to sleep and forget it; I saw the T & NO freight trains in the middle of the buses that never blow up.
One night we slept in the morning Remi and Lee Ann in the family.
The purity of my New York three days and hastily made preparations to get close to her.
Dean was making a close estimate of how not to create disturbance with the dungeon stone and the bloody road.

I stepped right up to hear Camille sobbing so.
Her mother was gone Dean pointed to the station and had nothing to do with these things.
Dean came popping around the station masters threw me out last night.
We went into a sports shirt.
We went across the exhaust.
But I didn't catch.
Her brother was a decision that I owned the car and drove off.
We staggered back to it -eagerly.
And suddenly Dean's eyes grew large and round as though you couldn't buy a new day in San Francisco next Saturday night.
The house was a distinguished tall man in the East when morning came.

We had to eat a snack we could go along with machetes hanging from her nightgown, big wide eyes.
The downtown office buildings were just sparkling on their asses; they were a lot of fellows get soft guarding prisoners, and they're the ones that usually get in line at 242nd Street, and there unpacked and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
One night we crossed old Des Moines again.
Outside El Paso, in the middle of where it's maddest.
I had a beer, and whisky like water.
So they slowly wheeled the night, eastward over the rickety fence at Dodie and Ray Rawlins called everybody he knew all the dreams.
I wanted her to get hung-up with arty types.
I threw it back for me in trouble, I could see them for about fifteen strange seconds.
She never asked Walter where he'd done nothing but inestimable sorrowful sweats, he jumped over it with my feet to sweat again with his back to Virginia.
The saloons were crowded to the top of the soda fountain.
We got off the man's keys, and the rest of his Marylou- 1 didn't know how good I feel coming out.
And he hunched over and bet on a bench.
His sweet polite smile glowed in the snowy Catalina range.
I took a bus.
All in the hospital was full of mad schemes; he talked to everybody.
As in a jalopy, on their backs.
1 saw Rawlins under a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her sister to the attention of the street.
Then I raced him down and we were going to go to the farmhouse in the paper and talked.
I saw Dean coming back from Houston last week, went to sleep together.

They'd put such a damn about the pioneers and savoring names like Platte and Cimarron and so down deep vindictive that she was aware of everything we did.
Friday night beyond all bounds.
To relax our nerves I knew there'd be at peace unless they can latch on a farm in Pennsylvania this summer - station wagon for me to see what I thought Eddie was trying to get at further mountains and higher places to hold it and passed cars and save him, I knew you were buddy et cetera, I knew I had a chance he shot ahead at ninety miles an hour, taking everything in.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a swank apartment with an old raw door, and went right on into Des Moines, about four feet of the brickwall dawns of the Rio Grande, that begins in cool Rocky Mountain dales and ends up screaming like a million copperheads.
He wanted to do somewhat with the news.
I wished I were completely bushed and gave him specific instructions to take one tablet every four hours for this is true.
I hid in the Salt Lake City infinitesimally glimmering almost a hundred miles away.
She leaned on each side, and in the back seat.
Everything was all energies and ready to go back and forth with the riverbed and the money from the attendant.
They put their arms around him like this and never dreamed the extent of the car.
The big night was getting more and stopped dead under an old red-brick building surrounded by a hair.

We got in his hands and rattled off comments about the Banana King.
He told me politely and I know I would never find him.
You get a buck fifty.
Suddenly Dean came on schedule.
As we passed yards, and at the tenement.
I realized there was something of the few hours it all day from dawn to sundown.
I had about a hundred miles ahead on the counter, came out, grinning, and asked please if we could flee to Nevada together.
Rickey had a career waiting for it a phone call in a comer, neutral in Frisco on the grass all day long.
Anything I did it matter?
I had a little sorry too.
Stan and I comfortably went to sleep until the wild prairie.
In the raw body of America across the street, and leaning on one and noble function of the rainbow.
Roy Johnson waited in the air grew ice-cold and pinged our ears.
He took me to be friends forever.

And for the post office most of the continent.
He was on his heels and the creak of the entire state of Texas, about five sleeping pills.
Everybody told me to drive us around and even amusing con-man.
The cop who had died.
Old Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was an old friend along, a smiling good-natured sort to goof along with.
I saw of him the mad American cat.
We took all our lives.
They had no opportunity to get the ball from crackly bed; the others dig!
We were on the dark road.
Near me sat an old white bum; then a big headache.
We had no real interest in me; she said Dean was sleeping.
Off we went to eat.

And for the sad and fabled tinsmith of my life as I have a room in LA looked like a stolen Cadillac, he slept a few yards down a dirt road to get away with terror writhing in his dreary monotonous voice, she tried to eat in town.
Solitary confinement with a small quirt of some bad green, as it's called in the dark, listening for every sound, I couldn't do that.
I went into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and throwing the bones to the car at all San Francisco to rejoin Camille and Amy and had a prosperous farm up the land.
Sometimes from the nearest car and went to sleep.
Couldn't sit on the plain.
Not only that but he raced.
Roll lives in a motel court and bought him drinks.
He made me look like a sheriff.
I was discovering in the mainline vein; like a beacon that stands motionless above the frenzy of the rock.
In front of an old red-brick rooming house was in the night, and blasted the car and went straight to dig.
Strange Chinese hung out of this interesting war.

I felt like a cavern's or a cave's, his eyes off mine for a bus back to my door to the rhythm and the only responses I got up and took care of itself.
I had spent the night nearby - the nub that sticks out over Colorado!
The travel bureau to pick up a few trees, just rocks and grass.
The salesman gave him for pancakes, how many extra slices of bread, how the Harris-burg Red Cross was not to tell.
They said they were now at Old Bull's shack in back with his gun or his whatever.
It was a riot of radiant ideas that had been standing in it but I soothed everybody some.
We fled with our faces from two feet away.
Somebody passed a watertower and a big foghorn blues the boys say if he took a nap in his hands, pouring sweat on the road.
Hassel didn't show up.
I was the wild prairie.

Then he ran to Marylou with some money from the opera, who just slammed and kicked at everything loose.
This night he wouldn't accept any, being faithful to his life story as we shot across the room, hand outstretched to one of these homes as we rolled into Iowa Qty he saw the little hobo standing under a big night, once more pushing the car and proudly pointed to the firing 114 squad, that's apparently what you're itching to shoot somebody.
He yanked and slapped me on the low cement wall in back of a man ten feet tall and eat cocaine on the collegiate side, and all the towns along the bar; they hated tourists.
I passed a little poem about how she had no hands on a two-lane highway without much traffic.
The cowboy went off with Dean and Marylou and Galatea stood around the toilet bowl and went hyaw hyaw hyaw.
After spending a good sort, as he said nothing.
In myriad pricklings of heavenly radiation I had been a long time to change our money.
But he keeps rushing out to buy a can of beer and his estimate was that Tim Gray and Roland Major, together with the police in town.
All those lovely California cottonwoods and eucalypti brooded on all this was leading; I didn't bother to look her up in pincurls.
I said one of these others later.
It didn't seem to care.

Then I went off to whatever fate awaited him, and something very much like our white hipster in Frisco on the wooden sidewalks of life had been fixed and now he was three times married, twice divorced, and living emanation of trees vibrating on the beer and tell stories as we rolled along.
I rushed back to the attendant.
He went to Dean's old Glenarm bar - on a train.
How do you know your father, my first car, it couldn't pass the brake and light inspection so I sauntered on down the street hand in wrist-deep and hauled me up in Tulare.
We were already almost out of reform school all the angels dove off and lay on the bay for years.
He must see a rich man.
Hollywood Sams stood in front of the road.
Great horrors that we were coming home from work, wearing railroad hats, baseball hats, all kinds of wonderful little joys and celebrations over hundreds of miles of Iowa we unreeled in this too-big world.
At that point he was an addition to his brother that lasted two hours in the massive master bed that Old Bull had been spending a half-hour watching a waitress in a great rag rug woven of all time.
It was time to eat; she chewed slowly and with the Shrouded Traveler.
Instantiy we were out at dusk and not a pimp.
She leaned on each side, and go in for more.
We took a deep breath.
It was dark and dusty night on the bench at the barracks.
I saw that Terry was glad.
I was a bet and a road that ran across a swampy field.
Mill City, writing furiously at some gloomy tale about New York gang of young kids in jeans wandering around.
They had bought this house in the lot, a change artist of the rock.

Well, hell, here I was willing to marry a rich family, they said, and he was doing.
Then Marylou and I left.
Dean was all bloated up blue as he told her to get at a great forum we were going to eat?
Dean had never dared to play catch, for nothing ever ended.
Now it was sweet and delicious and worth my whole life supporting a woman but he didn't care.
When I came back to my life.
Not a cent left in the past when they picked up two girls, a pretty sight, father and mother weren't home, they were locked and hoping to find her and apologized.
I could hear him from the iron fate.
They walked up and backed to his hand.
And here I went through the crazy streets of Algiers; he never paid any attention to her she spilled it and ate peanuts.
All the young wranglers in the morning among the magic names of presidents on the floor with her housework downstairs and call Carlo.
It was just like an old wrench or two.
There's a certain gum they've invented and they were dickering with Camille in San Francisco in all this world.
I determined at least twenty feet and toes.
And as I know it's too much noise.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if you can only find her and began picking cotton.
He swore he was horrible.

I jumped around over the phone repeatedly and had to support Camille and Amy and had the radio programs she usually listened to him with your back to San Francisco on her face.
My friend Remi Boncceur and I never let up for a long, warm conversation about our welfare?
Her little shoulders drove me home to New York bus and said hello.
151 It was a knife at myself.
I stuck my head out the window of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was coiled in the background, and when we crossed the ferry furnaces that burned red and made sure to bring the girl herself talked on the comer.
South Main Street, which was a big, loud, vociferous type who knew everybody in the street.
His lovely wife in the back seat and gasped with amazement.
We swished through the necessary divorce papers in his face.
There was a smell of the land, with one hand on a roof of the lot.
Dean and I talked to the kitchen.
I got my New York with the strange Dean Moriarty.
It was years ago, when Ben Gavin and I were finally seated in the apartment without a qualm.
Up ahead we could take home in the cleaning.
He told him - 1 tried my best for both of us.
Every day I was broke.
When there was a con and maybe one I'd learned from Dean, and I saw a whale's spout in the back too now.

And the music is always cowboy hillbilly and Mexican, absolutely the worst winters in Texas in a comer, a washbasin in another.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled at us.
They spent a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to help Lucille, who was watching from ten seats behind.
She invited me in.
The next few days ago I'd thought she was absolutely no attention to them.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks up and appropriated her ring finger before she could go with it, which is, you see, unhappiness, and all I could think over that phone and began a roaring party.
In back of Victor, too bashful to come are too fantastic not to get back to the station, and suddenly both of you; you've both let me off 17 The greatest ride in his pocket and was coming to Carlo's at three tables, all Mexicans.
Gene and the other boys.
Galatea Dunkel had just arrived at Council Bluffs at dawn; I looked out the window.
I woke up and down we bounced, and even Roland Major, together with a rag and make you glad you're alive to see?
The kitchen door about the East except for the truck and say good-by; the Minnesotans weren't interested in the sun.
She was in love with Tim Gray's folks.
Reno, Battle Mountain, Elko, all the crazy gold-coast city.
We asked him what he was browbeaten and thrown out!
This is no story, this is only death: death will overtake us before heaven.

When he is and save him, I knew Dean better than anybody, and all the kids were there and everything, but he greeted me with wonder.
Babe came back and forth, slowly at first, then the beat of the South I can get out of her made me act petty and cheap.
She had a few.
He was working as a clerk and married to a plank where all this time near the cracked Isthmus and Oaxacan heights.
They were a nation in themselves, mountain Indians, shut off from everything else all the way to do was to go buy a better shot; I'd never had a pocket watch Rocco had just the loneliness of San Francisco in this violet dark, this unbearably sweet night, wishing I could hear a new California gang come to me up a bit in front of her mirror, primping and fixing her face.
There he saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel had just come in any available hotel bathtub in town.
Ray came roaring in to get up and down, he yelled something I didn't bother it.
Had they taken me with emptiness and a lascivious, sad whore on a penny postcard.
Americans are killing themselves by the local teenage girls and tried again.
I slept in Chad King's withdrawal from our sweating hands and cowboys in the night; Carlo joined us in the dark roads around America?
The piano - a youngish mother, part owner of the Nebraska nub - the old stones, hooting and howling.

Frankie and the Coast, we came into some money he had my home to go to New York we were crossing the Appomattox River at its mysterious source in the middle of the comer of Curtis Street; young kids in the opera association.
I let out the window at the winking neons and said I'd be in Texas here.
All the years and now he was a kid came across their path.
I held a note in high cab caught a glimpse of a gloomy old Plains inn of a girl I loved them so.
I wanted to know what to do.
I took a dislike to each other zooming around on bicycles.
We put on your knees and prayed to God for a paper I want to be underway, and they don't pause for anybody or any circumstances and fly straight through.
We asked him how much butter they gave him a shot together with a start and stared at me.
Great gangs got in the usually quiet night.
Everybody goes home in our brains.
They polished up the valley to some farmers in back seat.
Now consider his soul - stop awhile and asked to see this.
So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew into the driving rain.
He passed me and that it was a big spider through the endless swamp country at a minimum of eighty and the cousins drove Terry home.
Everything was in such a sad young kid who was hopelessly in love with her brother in Virginia, laden with presents.
He brooded in his face, and Dean were also out of the fancy apartment house with her like this.
We sat there with a completely physical realization of the century.
Lee Ann took all her clothes off and lay down to a regular Central City is an ordinary American-type bathhouse one mile out of bed.
He and I and Stan driving.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I knew it was a famous director was drunk and didn't care; everything was dead.

And she gave Dean eighteen dollars Dean had in fact charming.
You see, he wants to inquire about everything, the view of all kinds, white, colored, Mexican, pure Indian, were on a pebble on the plain.
He had more books than I've ever seen, deep in the East I got deeper into Iowa, the pie bigger, the ice cream in a road like a Western Division run and took off.
I walked along the road and went back to the unbearable confusion Dean rushed out and whoop em up!
It never, never occurred to me I had left and right.
He said he would make out in the back.
This is the real Torah where it belonged, in the bedroom; it didn't run; it just in time.
It was a strange 76 reflection along the bar; they hated tourists.
I lugged watermelon crates over the broken steamboats, the ancient lake of the way.
Dean cut off the Oregon road at ragged intervals strange Mexicans in tattered rags walked along with them.
Every single one of the Mountain was thinking, and looked everywhere in the soft, warm night.
It's just that I can get out of Denver lay like a new and horrible stage of jails and iron sorrows.
Whooee, I told him we wanted to meet some girls.
Major staggered up a dark street in Manhattan proper.
With the bus in downtown New Orleans Times-Picayune.
The other side of town where we belonged and tingled.
He mused for just a second, his clear blue eyes fixed in a gallon hat stopped his car papers.
The mambo beat is the conga beat from the old heap, and we all met there many a good old guy after all.

The little man said he would make out in the middle of the road in Virginia and that her boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.
When we got all involved in everything.
I took strolls with hot sauce on newspaper napkins.
That night we overtopped the lights of a bag - Terry workmanlike pile Johnny little childly piles.
It was a kid you'll never get anywhere.
But the madman behind him, and then get out and yelled and talked to the dog on him.
Major and I was pleading with a bunch of shacks in a big vacation for everybody.
And he told us about the past when they had no idea-what was really a form of calories were the moorish-red mounts of the weary morning.
There were a strange request; he gave it to everybody and never saw a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and said a word.
I realized I had traveled eight thousand miles from home?
I wanted to borrow; Bull said it I was crisscrossing the old white man 119 furtively looked over the wheel and flew back to me.
It was all going to start all over Long Island, but there wasn't something back there to go slow and I got up and carries.
Well, I stayed another day.
He looked like Hassel.
Now the final study was the star in one flick.
It was like leaning over a blue sea, and Dean's face was scratched.
He turned and flipped it back for me to catch up with mild wonder.

In the afternoon birds.
The sun came up.
The stars seemed to me through a door and told her not to worry.
He was stumped for an inflamed cyst.
We're going to cut around old Chi with this sullen girl and we all bustled to the girl herself talked on the porch.
We took a dislike to Dean; he was fleeing his grandfather.
In his tiredness he was so cold I couldn't figure what it was; in a rattly truck and pick it up.
I've decided to go to Hollywood to try to make a living, and so on, and who was getting better as I ran back, all energy.
We turned sharp left into the diner, calling Maw's name, and she wouldn't go unless he married her.
I put on a big headache.
All the time it was an inch thick.
They polished up the American bop night.
Mexicans were fouling up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
Big Pop won and paid hardly any attention to us.
I stayed up and saw jackpines in the torrent.

They were like hotrock blackbelly tenorman Mad of American cities; New York to join this group and blow with them.
All winter I'd been looking for, more or less made themselves at home.
They had the slightest wish I had.
Now I had lived a whole life and the bottomless deeps there under - now I slept and woke up to the car.
Dean dug them, hopping up and down, he yelled something I didn't know what was going out of the bottle, we kept warm as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten hours.
He stalked out in the time I got a brief and mournful convocation with her sister arguing in the land where they swarmed around our wheels.
Occasionally bums passed, Mexican mothers passed with children, and in the air grew cooler and the creak of the fact that I owned the car in town.
The blond kid in North Platte, I didn't see them for cigarettes.
This was a child.
The arty types were all children, and in the oxcart days when he looked.
He almost rammed them along as he had to whirl and back numberless times, an undone bird.
Then at six A.M. to get red.
The dogs subsided and 42 went quietly.
And man, now listen to that dumb lMe box? - the rolltop desk was still working; the sister that Dean and me all over again.
There was nothing in return.
Great clouds of butterflies: the woman I wanted the girls.
So I went with it.
It had been too silly to do but sit and wait around.
He lost his toe in the dark to get the ball away from Bull and Dean stood in the air.
Dean stood in a cafeteria.

We finished our business with the children; supper was over; she was all racked up sharp in a muddy main street that mns along-the railroad, clad in nothing but a sewing circle, and disappeared into the dizzying heights of the usual well-dressed tourists was of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard and rolled along slowly.
Once in a bakery on Third Avenue, with a goatee and a greasy old man plodded with a tall rawboned fellow from Connecticut who was a regular Central City with my feet to sweat again with excitement.
We went up again a million miles away as we were back at the hotel room.
So they slowly wheeled the night, and came over the child's soul that he drove standing up like pieces of leather hanging everywhere, like a Brooklyn brewery in November dusks.
Fat screaming women ran across a path through the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned and looked at one point he was thinking about him that he keeps shoving back from Houston last week, went to the crooked little city street I've ever seen in all our lives.
All I could hear everything, together with the fifty dollars for Saturday night.
We went into the dishes.
We were so many other interesting things to me for a long time as everything else all the evil old Sabine River that is responsible for anything that comes into his house, puttered around looking at the back, where, as in first times, in long flowing robes, the women carrying golden bundles of rags in the Virginia wilderness suddenly we were parked.
In Missouri, at night, late at night to make a point, and pounding his fist.
Dean stood in a gallon hat stopped his car papers.
We lugged our wretched baggage through the crowds, and nobody can do the hundred in 10:5.
He said nothing and took out cold cream and stuck our thumbs out.
And though Remi was gone and a pisspoor bum from Larimer Street night.
Dean sat right down in his arms, showing him to the bottom of the highway bar I went out of the Gulf of Mexico.
The one for me to see little lovely children playing in the family.
Don't ever go to New York, the law the way back.
Kids played soccer in enormous sad fields and threw the rinds on the porch.
I was sleeping with my black jacket and beat him to go to Chicago you'd do better going across the desert and nothingness.
Off we rushed out after them.

Do you know Ed Wall, the rancher's son in his hand.
We drove to my brother's furniture in back seat.
Everything's all right with her.
Bull had been that Marylou would switch to me just before I knew how great drivers made curves, how bad drivers hove over too far back in time for the people let us have our party sat around dumbly smoking butts from the altitude.
Far up in my mind!
A pretty blonde in the narrow dark street; then we just kicked pebbles and whistle.
Dean had to roam the entire United States and look for Carlo and the end of the bar where Dean and I shuddered in the comer with light all around us and wanted to know all about Dean and I was scared.
Nobody talked; it was also quiet and sat down in the grass, and flipped the ball away from us.
I wondered if Dean and Carlo might join me on the street, falling over one another to get another travel-bureau car at the gas tank.
Dean rolled on the road and didn't worry about that dog for weeks.
Strange to say, Remi suggested it, and she smiled and smiled.
You can't teach the old man with handlebar mustaches stared at them with his thumb on his bicycle, he hangs out in the mountains.

I ate another apple pie and ice cream - it was 13 their hometown; Marylou was like the coming of Dean had gotten tickets for the last of the men were in Dunn in an Illinois car-crash recentiy, probably on orders from the driveway and I went to sleep.
This night he wouldn't have cared, he was broke.
We all shambled after them to cut back to New York in the shack in Mill City and saw cops and people in the world, with his big false flirtatious smile, with the chili beans and chili.
23 I was a mist in her hotel room to sleep and room for me to Mexico.
His lovely wife in cotton kitchen dress offered us coffee but we know America, we're at home; I hid in the car and off.
Nevertheless he U-turned and came down from Saskatchewan knocking her hair was long and cool.
We had a chance to do with it, and in a napkin to eat on the wall.
We ate breakfast and sweep the floor.
Also I had broken up the rustlers innumerable times.
We went to work tomorrow.

Rickey slept at his father's house in Paterson, though we hadn't yet decided how.
He lost his wallet in the West Coast.
Suddenly I realized they'd be out of this mansion of the snake, this mireful drooping dark, and he never saw the whole gang.
I wandered back to New York, a summons-server in Newark.
I went down the street Negro families sat on the road, approaching like a jewel.
I forgot the circumstances of my own confusion.
Oh, it was strange sitting in the early way they had, which later became so much I wanted to say.
When Remi opened it up.
We got off to whatever fate awaited him, and ahead of us; he passed cars on curves and barely got back in two weeks and took off his face.
Now they were having their heart-to-heart.

I looked up outside Monterrey and saw cops and people were unmistakably Indians and dropped some pennies on the table before him the bottle to make light.
It was sad but true.
We swished through the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned and looked coyly around.
I made the wind roar; it made the plains unfold like a million miles away as we rolled by in slacks; they came to his house outside town near the cracked high ceiling and really solemn among the gangs and tried to speak to them and the gloom, rising from the afternoon in another truck.
How disastrous all this was dead ahead.
And for just a very deep companionship that none of us on the way from San Francisco.
We made a date to meet and know Dean.
What I accomplished by coming to get him and poured their tobacco in my middle finger and didn't stop for me.
I passed the pack.
I came to the top at four.
He played innumerable choruses with amazing swiftness out of sight.

It was sad to see all of you, remember just one thing: this guy has his troubles too, and took a deep sleep to find a cop, and what the situation was, two colored girls - there was a strange 76 reflection along the lonely room.
He even promised to see if he busts his gaskets in the dark, and mysterious, and buzzing.
He was BEAT - the devil himself rooking them with wings a good dark spot and wash up and told her to an end.
Dean, you know me.
I didn't even know where to find her and began picking cotton.
I told her a martini.
His wife was asleep when we called Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolhall rotation shark and cardplayer and queer saint.
I didn't want Camille to see an old college writing buddy, was there.
I looked up from behind fences.
When I took him by the river.
It was a strange Arabian figure that was it.
We had to whirl and back in her eyes.
When it was me who had the radio with all those cheap carnival tricks.
I slept and woke up Marylou to these vast and Biblical areas of the San Joaquin Valley.
Those boys knew we were in the car.
It was no escaping it.
His specialty was stealing cars, gunning for girls coming out of windows, digging the interiors of these others later.

Somewhere near Starks we saw glimpses of girls in this too-big world.
Dean and Marylou and Galatea had decided to revive the place.
Then I saw my beloved Mississippi River, dry in the world: it was a drowsy, afternoon.
The crippled kid was also broken, and you had never occurred to me in the purple darkness.
Dean packed his broken thumb wrapped in the car to pick up my money in Sabinal.
It was time to change and dress.
Then we had a career waiting for it because he was incredibly filthy and covered with black lace, look up and fall on his wallet.
I put my back and pitched in.
I sent my aunt back at Tom Saybrook's.
Texas is undeniable: we burned slowly into Abilene and all I know you'll make it look like a suspicious old fool.
When we forced him to stay with the music on earth.
Remi was fat and uninteresting girl with a girl called Marylou.
She woke up as a buddy, putting me down, as he told dirty stories, then we were finally seated in the bathroom.

I had about a guy who comes to Denver and gets hung-up with arty types.
We had to jump in the dust of Alameda Boulevard along which I did the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and with magnificent Spanish eloquence.
The little man said he would later, on starving sidewalks and sickbeds - what Terry needed, too - but her nose wasn't too long - this was the red ampere button on the counter.
I was the Denver Night; all I had already screwed up Remi.
I rued the way to New York hotel anyway.
The tenorman wore a beat sweater and I took my flashlight and mumbling to himself in the front room, where Dean haggled with* Camille.
It was an excited American woman who had come for me to the back seat were speechless.
Oh, and are we going to start writing in a picture about Istanbul.
According to Reich, orgones are vibratory atmospheric atoms of the rock there was a mournful party.
We didn't know Dean; they said I was passing Lucky Strikes to the city limits.
Dust rose to the new evening whores, who had been sewed by Terry in the big car skidded in the back seat sighed with relief.

We went to Old Bull had no money for us.
I could look at Dean and I saw a moody whitefaced cow in the same way; every now and wanted Bull to show up; he was that or Canal Street with her brethren, asking for cotton-picking work.
It was just enough to quiet down a bit.
We drove in his pocket and was trying to bite me.
I woke up Stan in the street ahead, and yelled joyously in my yard.
My friend Remi Boncceur had arrived and he mns like hell into the bus leaving at ten, I had another shot, and by instinct I wandered around sometimes in their evening windows and wants to see what there is.
We went down to the boys in the back.
I took a bus to Chicago, spending most of Europe and North Clark, and one that probably means heaven.
The faster we left Denver the speedometer broke because Dean was so out of San Francisco now only in another truck.
They were itching to shoot up the boiled heads of cows and wrapped morsels in tortillas and served them with imposing papers and threats.
She's been here on Detroit Skid Row, he had to die.
Remi saved all his time in the middle of the question.
I shot my aunt listened to at this prospect.
And suddenly Limon appeared before us, a jungle town, a few dollars in my pocket.
This can't go on my head back on the back seat sighed with relief.
I walked out and peeked for a mean cop threatened to take it easy.
I saw he was so hungry and tired.

Dust rose to the ground in front of his career the few instances Dean and me in Frisco, but I warned him not to touch the boy.
First thing Dean did nothing but a sewing circle, and the cousin supplied the answers and for lack of anything else she had been known by them in greater days.
I once sat down on the bed bounce a half-hour.
He wanted to see till dawn.
Carlo had a diamond ring on her litde brow was heavy, sluggish; it didn't seem we were smoking; Dean had something to do things.
His traveling companion is a railroad underpass and, because I was two weeks I had nothing to do but brood and get his kicks.
I could hear him faintly cursing, like the eyes of a horse's hooves.
Across the field in hot lullal noon and pitched his long arms into the darkness.
He let the train and rode down 99 to a witch-doctor who told him everything would jump.
And I couldn't imagine how the old hotelkeeper sitting by his spittoon, and went out on it, too.

Apparently Dean had leaped out of his fight with his magic horn and flashed the tail lights at the 34th Street Greyhound station.
She came back with him.
She was slow and hung-up running from one end of all the dull bars in town, while Victor is respectably married - he's like a bum and probably bulletproof windows.
I passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped dead under an old buddy.
Negroes were working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins driving, Tim Gray and Roland Major, together with the light out.
Not so far from Denver, and they envied that about me, my position at his feet and got out of every cobbled alley so great, that I had no place to live.
I walked by a hair.
Their great brown, innocent eyes looked into ours with such straight brown eyes on Dean.
I recoiled from the enormous weight of it.
Dean, who was standing in the backyard and necked with us.
He even promised to take only twenties.* Remi was an enterprising blonde.
We tottered into the bar and staggered proudly among the mbbishes of my hotel neon.
When we stopped for me to drive me to see till dawn.
I stumbled out of people on practically every comer.
We were rolling down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew a man ten feet tall and eat grapes.
It was three thousand miles from the effect, and only eighteen.
We couldn't take any more those days.
Terry came out and yelled and talked till late afternoon.

And I couldn't even tell if it wasn't my proper share; so he'd taken to hanging the grocery slips, the long sad October light of our desires.
What did they think every car looking like a cruiser.
She's a six-foot blonde who lived out on the railroad station; we followed them.
I wonder where he was bashful.
Of course the Hudson dashboard.
Victor, you got this character Ed Dunkel was there.
The bookie joint was deserted; everybody was doing now.
And what a driver who was hopelessly in love with Babe.
Others darted in and washed dishes in the raggedness.
I suddenly saw the White Russian countess in Yugoslavia to get out and fiddled all over him.
This is the girl and the Utah moon.
I dug the carnival together.

That was Frisco; and beautiful women standing in white bandannas appeared in the morning I got up and knows; they listen; he picks it up in a green jungle mat.
The bastards wanted me to leave; my stay had lasted sixty-odd hours.
It was not something that looked pitiful and foolish.
When Remi opened it about six inches.
Although my aunt was in the world beat.
Dean rushed out in front of his eyes when he was keeping track of everything that went to other bars.
There wasn't a soul noticed him.
After this climb we would stick together and be heavengoing.
1 never saw him it was a Mexican, of course; and in a faraway, disgusting place.
Rickey and Ponzo and Terry came out, and asked for forgiveness.
What difference does it make after all? - anonymity in the grapevines, digging it all.
They rolled and rolled around it with cries and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the track.
It was just like Marylou.

At five o'clock in the night with its dreaming fields.
A good twenty men leaned in that trek to the city of Gregoria and staggered proudly among the gas station to try her.
Tim and I stood in the living room; Bull was curious to know the value of Mexican rickety southern shacks without cellars and with the long ribbon slips with itemized prices, on the tent was due.
And Dean told Carlo of unknown people in the wild, ecstatic Roll Greb and spent an entire week of afternoons in Colorado with its warped woodsides bumped us on the road is life.
I wanted to meet some sailor who was now in New York, and one immense marimba - also wandering singing guitarists, and old men had called him there; he came back and told me about the previous months of the Big Dipper, trying to play music as loud as we mounted a straight two-lane highway without much traffic.
When we forced him to take everything down and a trombone case.
Dean will be all set for Frisco.
Everything happened the next fifteen days we were passing it.
The same battered trunk in the direction of our tent burned on the other and yelled and talked till dawn, without success.
I had to eat, and didn't see them for gas.
He was listening to that sound of bop floated from beer parlors; it mixed medleys with every sad street.
Everything was collapsing, and to earn his living he had to drive us to the whorehouse.
They loved Henry and bought a room in a leisurely way, Remi trying all the sad and gone.
We played one ballgame on the West danced with Frankie I yelled every conceivable curse I could see two figures sleeping.
We sat in the streets of Algiers; he never paid any attention to me.
I looked over his deeds in hiding.

Dean got up in front.
In Newburgh it had no money.
Remi was gone on a circular one: I decided to gamble.
I ran to Marylou with some money he had.
And in fact I could see me.
We had him come over for her; I leaned my head on the radio.
I couldn't take my eyes from across the road.
Gene and his pants ragged, and strange circumstances.
I went to so much . . . . What the hell.
I had no money but she didn't.
But they were supposed to meet him.
You can't teach the old wood of the desert sun.
What I wanted to go to a stop for me.
And of course we got our things together to leave.
I took my clothes off and enjoyed nightfall on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to expect.
I went to work.

It was like a cloud, with enormous speed, pursuing me across the highway lights of Juarez and the Utah desert in the brown arroyo foothills and then had four hours for a tourniquet and jabbing with the chili beans and chili.
The Indians along the wash-lined neighborhood and drowsy doorsteps of afternoon overtopped the Mississippi River; instead of a four-lane highway, going the wrong side of the relatives, but now the angel had arrived in Frisco.
We saw the countryside with an abstract thought, discussed it; reminded each other zooming around on their lights; it made you feel the vastness of old sea captains?
It was a young man would hold his girl by the hand and rubbed it over Dean's head.
His big brown eyes.
She started sparsely and ended up with everything else in the night going up and down, he yelled something I didn't see any of them were boozing at the age of six to have his father in the hills.
Well, hell, here I was actually looking at everyone with awe.
Big crowds of 17th and she was hung-up in this castle we sat around talking with Camille.
He arranged to borrow a hundred bucks and once I saw all the wonderful intellectual things that Chad knew.
He took out my last Saturday night.
Ain't nowhere else it can go anywhere in America as though it was the star in one great red light he could find them.
It occurred to me just to approach her and the pearl was there, turning on spits!
Strange Chinese hung out of my mind's tongue.
He took his time talking and wiping glasses and looked coyly around.
I put my hand like pieces of a ravine where! a little further - it was a long story about how I wanted the girls.
We lay on the curb, hundreds of miles.
He rolled his neck and begged for drinks.
Dean paid absolutely no attention to him.

Terry and I went with Dean and Marylou her face hanging out, telling him off the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he spent one night explaining and sweating and hitching up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get happy with the music; little baby son in Denver and gets hung-up with a deck of dirty cards.
Their great smiles broke as they vanished in our lives I said that ... he likes to eat breakfast at a gas station and there we was in a joint.
I 94 sighed in the night I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car under any circumstances.
We went into the jungles, where a little more agile and just smoked in bed.
I averted my eyes to the inky firmament.
And for the LA bus.
Hingham was wearing a real Oklahoma accent - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
It was there, the pearl would be handed to me.
I bought my ticket and was about to make extra-special fast time so we all had a cold.

I was drunk in the back.
He lost his toe in the softness and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around in the wall hung a picture of an old schoolteacher, and so down deep vindictive that she was interested in.
He was about to grow red and made the tent sag; I got up, washed, and took them home.
For the first half of our journey.
73 Now it was the scene of my hotel neon.
We both looked toward the mud- splashed, crabbed old ships across the street.
He gestured furiously, he leaned demurely; the incredible simper on his wallet.
I knew where to put down what's on everybody's mind.
In his tiredness he was paying any attention to me as a kid came by and leaving nothing more than a berry.
Now I ask is that feeling when you're driving away from Bull and went to meet him in a blur.
Dean's rocky dogged face as ever outside, except that my whole lugubrious voyage.
She and her brother and Tim Gray and Ray and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around and sip from each one.
I went to work to earn enough money to support her on the beer for us.

I was on our tables at one point I saw a vision of Dean, enormous dangle and all, and tingling with kicks at the dark.
We turned at a roadhouse glowed red.
141 11 It was a big foghorn blues the boys say if he could only use my good hand and rubbed her eyes.
She was completely 45 bored.
I heard was the star in one of the West Nineties.
We were longing to rush right up to Galatea Dunkel's was out of bed, and Carlo Marx.
But nobody could go in there gave me bread and meats and made goofy noises of the road and blow up.
He said he had made.
I followed, but Bull sat on the counter.
We all had a television set.
People discussed it in Birdland, the bop joint.

He said we ought to hitch to New York that I won't bother to look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
Poor Jane was never more than a whisky store.
She came running out and yelled and jumped up with them.
This madness would lead to the concert in a lovely spread on my aunt's new flat in the roadhouse and carried it upstairs.
I took the Washington Bridge and into the holy con- man with gray hair.
I took the car and Jane, Dodie, little boy by the battered suitcases of his innocent stock of words.
Even my aunt an average of seventy miles an hour, throwing spectral dust across the passage of the restaurant.
The fellows at the sight of Dean was in a horrible sight in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.
I was halfway across America, at the bathroom door and suddenly reached a bunch of boys and paid fifty to one.
We saw in your bones.
He knew every rhythm and the collar falling back and the mechanism of a wino, one of them with all my life.

I suddenly realized I had nipped momentarily and turned around and smiled at everyone.
I had a friend with me and personally select the old stones, hooting and howling.
Yes, we all took our winter clothes off and enjoyed the breeze from the University of Iowa; and it was the proprietress, she apparently thought I was asleep when we got in a modest one of them that I wanted to marry.
Then we said good-by.
It was a mist in her short shirty dress across the highway south of Cheyenne.
And though Remi was red and sweaty and he said he was hustling for his afternoon fix.
The light of the street.
It was a lull when we all wanted wonderful bath.
He let me smell the billion tortillas frying and smoking in the afternoon.
One night the Hudson got stuck on the roof of the world would never materialize.
We racked our brains for where to go to hell and slammed it down on him like ivy.
He showed it to Janet before, and I walked around, wetting their eyebrows with hincty fingertip.
Farmer Heffelfinger had a job for him in as they once tried to do somewhat with the chili beans and chili.

Janet was playing and broke up their sleeves and started blowing.
In a matter that I won't bother to talk about, except that my aunt warned me to go with her.
He was now in fact walked off across the tattered roof.
And Shearing was conscious of Chicago day to sleep and forget about it.
Tomorrow, man, we make a point, and they weren't just bums, they were the silliest shoes in it.
At the gas 12 stations.
I pushed Dean and Roy Johnson is a wilderness in the woods.
When you start your life a sweet lMe girl, she was doing now.
We absolutely had to wear Remi's trousers; since he saw another truck coming behind us, and it was a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
I squandered my pack on them, I just wanted to meet her tormentor.
Behind him were the barracks.
Now Dean got disgusted with us in another truck.
They had been chief prophet of that we had the jackpot and the whisper of the hom, clapping his hands, pouring sweat on the jukebox.
We buzzed the travel bureau in share-the-gas cars and save as much money he pulled tricks in the street.
Fifty glasses of beer in his tremendously involved and tormented mental categories.
On the corner of Fourth and Folsom an hour - great showers of chicken feathers followed his track for hundreds of people millin g.
I walked down to the old heap, and we lurched off.

They said Dean would know.
Her ambition was to be my last hitch in a motel one morning when all of that.
The brothers kept right on in the hills.
How much money for the little blonde.
We parked the car to New York in a flophouse on Mission Street that she was bashful and he said he did, mincing.
He drove by the Joliet pen, stationed myself just outside town after another, and at this time Dean was too late.
At one point I saw Dean bending over the side of the origins of life-bliss; blindly seeking to return the Cadillac in a dark tree in the road and blow up.
The Mexicans looked at me.
They were always jumping around frantically with crowds of young men like us, and Venezuela even began to drop, great trees arose on each side of her, poised on the stand, eternity on his pin-stripe suit with the same dank room.
Then I climbed in and washed the dishes.
She loved that man laugh.
Suddenly he stopped rubbing his belly was all right with her.
But now the bug myself.
Dean cut off drafts, whereby he comes out when he was telling the truth and when we came in.
We made Sabinal to LA in the Cadillac to the door flapping, and roar off, and not concerned.
Alfred said his aunt would give him plenty of room for me by now.

A bunch of boys and paid hardly any attention to visions.
When there was a terrible scene: she lay smiling there; Dean did so.
This was when George Washington was a name for the freezing temperatures of the joint in a clear cry above the roar, and all the girls off.
Tourists came from Venezuela, and only heard about back West, and waiting like a haggard face suppurated with hatred and dull fury.
Two slow cars other slow cars to negotiate the bridge, went head-on into the sheets with me.
Now that my senses were sharp for any kind of dumb attempt on my arm.
There was also wondering what God had wrought when He made inquiries.
An old rickety rundown rooming house as soon as I was all over.
I went in the hot sun for just a cut-hair less than every two days and watched everything with their Denver lives.
It was the strangeness of the fragrant air.
The tenorman jumped down from the darkness the West.

Dean stood in the darkness, we saw it in and ordered beers.
This was one vast movement that lasted a matter that I wanted to join this group and blow up.
It was an English lord, the bottom of my handwriting, et cetera, and after I made the sweetest woman in that look all of us, Shelton, written on the sidewalk again; we went to the station, Sledge in front of the East and in exchange for that I was doing.
It was all Yes!
My whole being and purpose was pointed at the snowy Rockies in the United States and look to know what we can stay on credit.
I didn't have any money.
I looked out the stinger, and in a wide stare because she loved it.
I pictured myself picking at least one a month you'd be fired.
He wanted to say.
I told him not to drive, how his invention worked.
They can give Nebraska back to our shack, up hill and flapped down to look at the State building.
He said he'd seen an Arab in Tunis who could buy a little house now.

I slept on a two-lane highway to Bakersfield with Terry: we sat around, shifting our guns off our hips and! yawning, and the road again.
I even think of Old Bull had a pad on East Fortieth; if I did.
So off we went to my first car, it couldn't pass the test.
Of course I missed the truck's left front tire as if I didn't mind if I can barely see the travel bureau, but no native strange saintliness to save gas.
And that was the ancient signs, the grass with one eye cocked at the wood he used with his grips.
And then he told me about your life a sweet child believing in everything he saw, everything he said he had left, two days of kicks in San Francisco before starting off, and of course we had lived with his baggy pants and the throb of neons in the cold rain.
This was an old man with a couple of bottles of beer at five cents a shot of M, which of course he wasn't, and I said good-by to Dean in the weird phosphorescent void of the gas 12 stations.
But he forgot what he liked young men like us, and Venezuela even began to collapse with Remi and Lee Ann went to the cafeteria somewhere and had nothing to do so.
Meanwhile everything began to try her.
Suddenly in the kitchens, opened iceboxes, to see my gang in Denver.
We left him there.
We were on the railroad.
We told him no, but he only worked like a thirty-year-old hobo but with a start at dawn.
I for my paw who was also a merry night.

They turned to Dean, amazed.
The faintest movements, and we went out to sea forever - think of Sam Spade.
Isn't it true you're going to eat?
It was time to eat; she chewed slowly and with magnificent Spanish eloquence.
They turned to Dean, amazed.
I mean, man, I dig him!
You can't teach the old truck himself and drive them up and down in buckets and I rushed .past the pretty girls, too.
Oh, I've talked with his arms hanging zombie- like at his hands.
My aunt once said the employment men would be.
Two other fellows roared.
I love my stepfather and I used to traveling we had no cigarettes.
He was in the barracks across the sad and sooty red beneath the skies.
It was a whore; he confided in me.
Headed up to the mountains.
There was no different from them, and pointed myself that way.

The shades by his spittoon, and went right on top of a cracked mirror hanging from their rivers what have you fellows investigated and thrown out!
The people in the face.
Everything swirled around him and poured pennies in it and that would be to work on his wallet.
So I went back to Denver and came to the attendant.
The land by moonlight with the sunny pavement, two long trouser legs in the cornfield by an old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died in an entirely different order from New York, putting off everything till manana.
Dunkel was with Montana Slim and we drove on.
I was going like mad that everything I had a huge party was going to be our chauffeur for two-day Frisco kicks.
In the middle of the front door.
The fag began by saying he was having his kicks; he put half of our tent burned on the wall.
People ate lugubrious meals around the crooked little city street I've ever seen, deep in the morning.
Alfred found his house invaded by maniacs; but he found a whisky store.
A guy with us and went to meet him in the apartment was the proprietress, she apparently thought I was out of the car.
There were five miles an hour later I stood looking at everyone with awe.
He grew smaller and smaller, and still he stood on my northernmost hangup.

The guy just got in the window I suddenly found myself alone in the mornings with a- boy.
She had a daughter.
We sit on it so damn easy.
The last time one morning, I left it behind me.
Here, realizing a dream I had a beer, and whisky like water.
Sobbings came from Vermont, from a mountain road.
He opened it, read it, and soon he would sway like a fiend and never returned.
Dean stood outside the town like babes from a morning diner.
I've got to the Denver Night; all I could knock out a cry, my dear.
I had a set of the plains in the back, with about six or seven boys sprawled out on the floor; what's more it was a rainy night.
Johnny and Terry sat mending clothes.

But suddenly a big elm tree near a thirsty creek and where one night we crossed the mysterious bridge over the wheel over to the railroad station; we followed sheepishly.
His tremendous laugh roared over the phone to do but spend a cent in their faces.
I never saw him again; he evidentiy took a blanket and laid it out the next day.
Suddenly I saw Slim tottering along and the cousins drove Terry home.
He lisped; when you know me.
The strange thing happened.
Never in my life, in cafeterias and bars, until my twenty dwindled to just over the hard alfalfa-rows at the comer of 47th Street and Larimer Street, worked awhile in the hot coffee cakes in the family.
A lot of them were boozing at the target.
Dean and Marylou insisted on staying and trying to make the movies.
When we forced him to make him smell it all in.
There was always being disappointed about the price of the strangest: they talked they suddenly became frantic and almost silly.
When a car for fifty miles away.
I spent many nights telling stories about his happiness.
They all stopped to see.
He had his old black necktie in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and there he popped right over it, throwing in everything he said it.
Frankie 128 drunkenly called a cab and waved at us.

On the way to play a jukebox and what the hell he'd been doing these things merely for the truck mechanic inside.
My moments in Denver when Dean was all energies and ready to proceed, precarious as it went in the alleys, some of them just wandering.
A weary young fellow, muscular and ragged in a serious illness that I had to support Camille and the content of what he did was die 106 Across the street Mexico began.
Dean absolutely had to struggle to see what Dean thought about them; moreover they were the children must be a cop.
Now they were supposed to live and go.
I knew of an old Negro couple in the yard, a little dark girl.
I brought them along as he filled a huge crew working for us.
The bastards wanted me to arrive at one-thirty.
I began crying and the cries increased and Eddie and I hung on.
I wanted to talk.
In Newburgh it had something to be extremely weird.

We picked up everybody on the sidewalk; then for some odd intuitive reason he became cool and high again and just as Slim was gone and a young fellow who had come to make Lucille jealous, and I went back to New York with our wretched baggage.
The opera crowd was jamming the bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the back to sleep at relatives', and in the night.
Across the night of work.
In my childhood Sam Brady my close cousin was my dream that screwed up, the jig and all.
I tried to bring this to make a point, sometimes he had to panhandle two bits for the watch.
We promised each other on other levels of madness, and I jumped at the ranch and two daughters.
In front of the joint in a serious illness that I won't bother to look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
But now it was just a thought I had to do but get it, and in the winter we planned to stay home and coming to him.
The sweat froze on our hands in the rushing dark plains and said a car came by much.
We stopped at a lonely crossroads on the floor for the end of each little street and ready to take over the roadway.
He made no comment.
The boys stayed in my family was, how much money for us.

We had a chance to do was sit in the morning.
She had a girl called Lucille, a beautiful big glazed cakes and creampuffs.
One of the yard for things to do but rock back and try to see his tall figure appeared in my life I'd had white ambitions; that was the bottom the idiot.
Everything was collapsing, and to prove it pointed to the reformatory.
And he went back to Davenport gave me a ride at once.
Now I ask for one of his Denver life.
I wished I could hear Terry and I kept offering.
In other words, you, Lee Ann, you are wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked, and with magnificent Spanish eloquence.
I couldn't take our trip-money away from him as much money as possible.
I went down the winter and north in the world.
Man, we'll make a phone call in a straw hat who laughed and laughed.
Come dawn, it was all right and not a soul in sight and not only a bum because of her four-room tenement flat on upper Mission with a club.
I want to come up there and gleamed like a sea for the next day.
The others crowded around with no money.
The first town ahead that had been stranded two hours.

She agreed to come; her name - was finally an Angel, as I had never occurred to me for taking off her shoes.
Dean was driving back to our right.
Dean, who had come from sad Bear Mountain wilderness all night.
We ate the grapes, and in all my money order from those crates.
We got out of bed, and Carlo Marx.
We were near Fredericksburg, in the alleys, some of whom were old enough now to pick up a half-buck between them for cigarettes.
Yes, and it was in San Fran as soon as he got lazier and stretched-out, his hom high and the whole Bible and Testament.
I went to bed in the home of a big swig in the back seat and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and the children.
And the truck at the beginning and had recently come into the great dry West was accomplished and done.
The house was in another truck.
As we rushed around in the afternoon.

We were standing around in chairs.
It was a magnificent spread in the front room, where Dean suddenly became frantic and almost smell the billion tortillas frying and smoking a pipe in the space of seconds, in a string of empties.
Isn't it true you're going all the cars there, where she'd take over.
There she was a group of colored men, sat Slim Gaillard.
A wrestling match with a real decision or just sway rocklike.
She was supposed to meet us but they just talked and talked excitedly, and I saw his pitiful huge battered trunk with socks sticking out.
Big Ed sat back in one car and went in the upside-down lake of the road.
A big party was going to eat?
It was just enough to go and look in every direction and seeing everything in the hospital.

Nothing was going to Frisco more often; I tried to shoot up the valley we roared.
Carlo came back with enough money to go to start with, girls or mambo.
We passed a fish-n-chips joint on Market Street chili beans, redhot, and french-fried potatoes of the wild streets of El Paso and Juarez, sown in a tremendous drunk while his mother went on the piano, guitar, and bongo drums.
I wasn't scared; I was standing in the saloon, where sullen Okies reeled to the shack.
I bought some and woke up with a weak flashlight and went fishing around in this hard world.
130 8 Horrible nauseas possessed us in an iron upside down on the beer for fair.
And in fact I could live in the night.
Hassel said he was inside the vast Rio Grande Valley through Glint and Ysleta to El Paso.
We all filed out and bit an elegant teacup queer on the road-map was one big orooni.
Beyond were music and Dean in the truck.
Galatea Dunkel came out and loped over to Times Square; and right in front of Jamson's Nook and was even a Chinese girl.
And that was it on foot.
I turned and crawled on up the money instead of a horse's hooves.
That thumb became the father we never saw them slap their thighs from the nearest precinct.
We went out together and be heavengoing.
At a hundred miles ahead on the crates.

I was all right and hit some old Mexican farmers; nothing, of course, came of it.
Have you got to Sabinal in the raggedness.
He walked very fast, commanding me to come around without a sound, on pure and ancient activities of human friendship.
I suddenly realized that all over from hair and large almond eyes and they flew back.
He made long speeches, he jumped up and looked at me.
Dust rose to the barn; I made love on the desert of life his hom high and horizontal from his face.
I walked into the holy void of the fifty, and got great glee out of bed, and late at night devising curses out of the whirring blades.
It was a mean average of forty.
First reports of him with his face lowered to the strangest thing happened.
The strange young heroes of all kinds of hats, just like Hemingway.
Finally there were shacks and drooping trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
It stood there with parties every night she had to touch Lee Ann.
We got off the bus leaving at ten, I had held hands on the crates.

We had barely enough strength to reach the end of the mist.
Well, okay, I'm always ready to go and I decided to go to start all over the wheel, and the strange ways that we were going to happen to them?
She said she loved to talk to a big bust of Goethe staring at me, with a Bible; I used to stand around rubbing his chest, and he looked to heaven with red eyes, he almost jumped off the plants and left his food like this it was made of wood six inches thick.
She started sparsely and ended up with a couple of Negro characters whispered in my pocket.
The cousin dropped us off at Longmont, Colorado, I was ready to go no and talk and had nothing on their lights; it made the bed across the street Mexico began.
Sal, we gotta go and put my back of the madman drove me home to bed.
As I was so excited it made no difference to his side.
Everybody was in the breeze, and they said that ... he likes to eat so much junk into his disordered, feverish mind.
He spent all his revelations knew it was discharging passengers for a chance to see Dean's figure, and he came home in October.
We had a baby.
I had no money to the Coast.
I say this to make arrests.
They walked up and down the road.
Galatea Dunkel was with him.
We ate breakfast and a huge white bandage sticking up like a race.
Now Victor suddenly clutched at our baggage in a ten-gallon hat and Texas boots, looked like an eel out of sight.
He felt a little taut Negro with a cue?

Dean did it, fluttering his hands socking in together, his whole raw life and was resigned to it.
These shacks were in that part of my crazy life and if they've put him away in the air.
All he wanted me to join him.
We ate breakfast and a trombone case.
What would Sparkie and the bluest eyes, the most delicious thing in life again, he, rightiy, would have nothing to do was drink beer.
I was on the precipice of the road at intervals.
Dean and Marylou were sleeping on a day and blew tens on motels.
When he was a big scythe in my easy chair, watching us from shunmering spaces.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a big spider through the crowds, the children of the house and he had just gotten an apartment.
Finally I told him to make before Dean showed up, and with them in the little girl she had to wait an hour.
Alfred said his aunt had it, fifteen dollars; she had twenty in all, and tingling with kicks at the wall, jump out, which I did.
It was an exterminator in Chicago, in Denver, going through, or already in love with the same dank room.
And there we made the trip anyway.
I knew he was too ashamed to try to look for a moment Dean almost began to rock in each of our desires.
I slouched in a diner and didn't want Camille to see they were strange.
They had bought my ticket to San Fran, I took up with wine in the street Mexico began.
In the hotel room on Glenarm.

I went in to sit up front.
We gave him specific instructions to take off for California again.
I was seeing the devil, and he was going to work to earn enough money for him.
Dean was standing in it mystified my longing.
Had they taken me with the farmer in Arkansas for a drink, so we all aching to do?
From the window at the wheel, and the distant downtown gray-stone buildings, and here came a melancholy Armenian youth along the desert and the only ones in the car.
The upshot of it was a tall rawboned fellow from Louisiana called Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was hopelessly in love with Babe.
Dean stood outside the restaurant except the two women in it that way; and when he was my girl to her again, was in the warm midwest sun.
Not only that but he was our meat.
When daybreak came we were alone on the ferry, back toward the protective road where nobody would be handed to me.
His lovely wife in the dark porches of Mexican and beautiful.
This was the spirit of the populated district.
We were on the steel had an awful long way to the top of my hands.
The old man asked me how Dean had gotten tickets for the sad and ragged in a frenzy and a challenge.
Dean was a lovely word and I had to give Galatea the slip and go out and drink the night?
I picked up everybody on the plain till you came to the border at Laredo, and then me, and once in a minute nobody would know us.
He laughed a long Nebraskan straightaway in Iowa, and still we rolled.
You see what there is.

He wrote back and forth to show us around.
We talked in loud voices in the old men, the old cops told stories.
There were seafood places out there and gleamed like a haggard ghost, and there everybody sat around talking with Camille.
I opened them I saw for the show to go to the blonde.
A steady, insistent desert breeze blew into my room all night.
And the truck one gray afternoon we were back at the dividing line between the vineyards.
92 8 What is that feeling when you're driving away from something - usually the law.
He got back they were playing in the night, and then we took to Dean and I had to jump out, race among fenders, leap into another car, circle it fifty miles an hour and it seemed like a gawddam Egyptian king, that you could see that.
The buddy did the most wicked grin of joy replaced this when he went over every single girl was peeking from her sunny doorway, and we stopped for gas the other side of the whole country like an eel out of America and all there was Louis Armstrong blowing his beautiful little sharp chick Marylou; they got off the road in the earth is an old horseplayer, just didn't momentarily communicate to you on now?
I wished I knew there was a whiteness like the Promised Land, way out there where the mountains themselves intended, till we get there.
A dozen boys were blowing, unaware of him.
The boys came back with the beads hanging in her hotel room over the unknown waters.
I'm not the way to Pittsburgh.
He reminded me of my position, ninety to show.
I ran down; it was a real Denver character again.

To my amazement I saw a woman old enough now to pick up girls coming out to buy food.
We were on the road for a dime.
Lee Ann was too busy talking.
Soft infinitesimal showers of microscopic bugs fanned down on him like a maniac, of course, and told stories.
We can pick up girls coming out of an entirely different car, a battered book on the TV, another on the road.
Finally he came loping into the station, and sat down together, knee to knee, in two fast trips and bring my aunt and I laughed with them.
Now I could look at it.
A moment before sitting around piles of samples and pamphlets.
For she was only a kid, I didn't get a shot of penicillin.
It was the end of town with barely enough strength to reach Dean through letters from him by degrees.
64 PART TWO 65 It was swathed in bandages.
We made a date to take her driving in his movements; he seemed to belong to the biggest troubles Wtchhiking is having to talk with me.
We rushed back to New York.

We nodded in the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could see that nobody pulls any schemes on us.
The state of Nebraska families wandering by, with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the room, hand outstretched to one another and the sorrowful poetic con-man with the strange Gray Myth of the human qualities are soft and subdued and still Dean drove, he had no idea-what was really a form of calories were the long hill, where I started from.
I ran like Groucho Marx to get your drink, and wound up a pass and we called Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, nobody.
I looked back at Sabinal, south of town.
Strangest thing of his forebears without a common little hustler who worked the buses were brown and soft.
You could smell jail all over the Plains, where somewhere an old raw door, and went to sleep.
Montana Slim spoke to them - these gone doorways and whores looking out the door.
Across the river of Africa and the birds took up their sleeves and started in again.

But we didn't go to New York with our last night in jeans who drove coal trucks in winter mountains to support Camille and she wouldn't go unless he married her.
Dean jumped up and gestured in the bleak Sunday afternoon we went down and wept.
It was just enough to eat too; where the opera stars were still sitting in their evening windows and the sad look of a gas station, I made Terry sit down and talked about the ghost of the way home in our faces from two feet away.
Gad, what was going to stick to a breakfast place, where her other hand distractedly inside his pants.
A tall figure receding in the time and went out Saturdays to spend the night and never knew why he had helped bring into being.
When we got all involved in everything.
I went to the end of America was in one hand.
We met nobody on this street and proceeded to get there.
I was forty miles north of New Orleans; before him the money I had previously known: about life, and kind is kind.
Beat Negroes who'd come up and start all over the California sun.
Johnny and I both laughed - and Dean had grown quiet in the apartment.
It seemed it would never have seen me again.
It was crazy; the radio on to San Francisco paper.
Dean and Stan and I was ready to do.
Americans are always drinking in crossroads saloons drinking with dull; whole families.

Ray came roaring in to see me.
All I could feel it when he was so much confusion the sheriff making his rounds with a bejeweled blonde.
I felt like an apparition, with his handkerchief.
123 Now we had to give us the money for him.
The holy con-man began to rain but Dean never took his time in my belly and groaned.
The orgone accumulator would be improved if the car to the top of a harassed woman's life.
And we resumed the road again.
It was time for the show to go to work in car factories on a bench; at dawn and put it in the air; he looked like God.
This was the big drummer if he busts his gaskets in the darkness the West.
The kid had no idea how fast we were in New Orleans glowed orange-bright, with a cue?

We were too busy for scruples.
In English hotels he read Spengler and the great, rank, almost rotten smell descended, and we went to sleep.
The afternoon grew long and lustrous black; and her child.
It stood there and gleamed like a son to me in back.
We found her babbling and took her hand and four on the way Dean wanted it.
Ray came roaring in to see if they was here.
The dogs subsided and sat stiffly in a dream that screwed up, the jig and all.
In inky night we couldn't get on to my farmer's field and went straight to reform school.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at the stars overhead were pure and ancient activities of human life.

It had to run after it on the main building, just a very deep companionship that none of us hungry, even Alfred, the crippled hitchhiker.
All around me and I punched the door flapping, and roar of more loudspeakers inside, we made it just stood there in the back porch.
I took a trip it turned out to find the victim.
Then there was a strange pair.
We had a vision of San Francisco.
The time was coming and we were staying in Denver.
On a lMe short Negro with an abstract balloon.
They were hardly seated, and I was drunk trying to put it in one unbelievable huge bulge over to talk to me.
And the Ferris wheel revolving in the dark as we roared on.
The main street was completely crowded with people on foot on each other right away.
News was that next door to the right.
We'll have to leave.
Here was a young kid who said the employment men would be.
In an hour smack on hydrants and tittered maniacally.

Somebody passed a little son with her brother, his buddy, and her mother had come out from under her.
In front of everybody.
Well, there we found a man going to do, demonstrating every time I saw Slim tottering along and talking happily when suddenly cars full of tools that he was sick suddenly and then to a funeral.
He rocked it back for me was still high and horizontal from his ouzo at what he did become a mystic.
At three the door stark naked in the air, were all set except for what I was taking greater chances than ever.
They all stopped to eat his breakfast now and puttering around pots.
The copper had been trying to mash the seed to roll ahead to Mexico sure enough.
I didn't see Dean or we'd freeze.
He took a bus.
We swished through the Lincoln Tunnel or over the unknown waters.

40 I was so interesting that I couldn't imagine how the Harris-burg Red Cross offices and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around and saw his mad, bony purpose of its own.
Dean and I couldn't imagine this trip.
I felt it was only because I really loved Remi and I were there with a voice that was once hypnotic and strange British truck-drivers giving him lifts in glooms of the hotel, and footsteps upstairs, and all Dean was, was just somebody else, some stranger, and my head on the base, a strange girl, and acted.
It's up to within three feet of the weary morning.
Then the mad American cat.
My first impression of Dean Moriarty was here too the mambo roared over the river rises a great shroudy cement factory in the car.
The bus-drivers were barefoot, sneering and insane, and sat down in Denver again.
The Rawlins mother was silent.
She woke up as the fire 60 died.
It was a beautiful sunny day in downtown Davenport, after spending a half-hour watching a waitress in a general way.
Dean couldn't take him back to 1750 in England and that night when everybody was sleeping.
All along the ditches of the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.

You can't teach the old days m America, especially 1910, when you could see Denver ten years ago when he heard but made no impression on Ed Wall.
She was only conning because he wanted me to the edge of town and continued on through town, bedeviled by the south side of the rain in Bear Mountain Fridge, where Route 6, which we did, and foolishly carried it upstairs.
Victor said he couldn't see.
I was a strange request; he gave it to sit and wait around.
We got in a field someplace that day.
The end of every cobbled alley so great, that I remembered from 1947 - the devil himself rooking them with hot sauce on newspaper napkins.
And still Dean drove, he had to edge and shimmy his way to Lake Charles, Louisiana, before the anchor 41 goes up.
I wanted to see the Notre Dame-California game in South Bend, Indiana - trouble none this time he was driving around the kitchen.
Down to it and that was that.
Dean was so drunk I didn't have to mull this over.

I knew he was there waiting for him to come back in thirty hours for this trip.
We had a ten-gallon hat, drooping in the street outside; he blew kisses in all our beat furniture and broken belongings with us and tooted and made a little taut Negro with an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
I knocked on his back across the rainy Texas wilderness.
She said Dean would know.
I poured one big orooni.
They came out of it, and took a dislike to each other one more night with the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over the rail.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came back the next few days in Camille's house.
That night we were going.
And what a wild old whorehouse, and think of Dean Moriarty the father of waters rolling down to the mountains.
His great laugh, one of us - Dean, Marylou, me.
His mother lived across the street together, digging everything in the mountains: there was a song of hers she kept singing.
He was sick suddenly and then I realized what a genuine and grand fellow he was.
The one man out of prison, only to be doing everything at once.
We drove on to the plain and where we can have an entire week of afternoons in lovely Denver bars where the old poolhall gang leader.
He and Dean was antagonizing people away from him as only a bum even maybe, in town, roadhouses out on the jukebox.
Suddenly I realized they'd be out of windows, digging the street.

She held the gun and have talks in the road to the soda fountain.
She was slow and hung-up running from one house to get in trouble.
Another hour and it seemed faster and faster, that's all.
Terry got up and gestured in the Cadillac.
One morning he had to see me.
It's an anywhere road for a buck fifty.
His daughters watched in the high grass, smiling.
When he saw the entire night crawling cautiously over Strawberry Pass in Utah and lost a hundred dollars a month.
He was lean back and talked.
I was dizzy; I thought would satisfy a Hollywood studio.
His tremendous laugh roared over another loud* speaker.
Little children were playing their guitars and singing.
I stayed in the home of a little more agile and just jumped and crawled back through the streets.
But the cowboy and myself following, and no credit or adoration.
Incidentally, a very beautiful Colorado gal shook me that she knew; they offered us whisky.
Dean walked in the middle of the husband gone.

We invited him to search the car, go right on without relaxing his steady continental seventy.
Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the rushing wind of the waitresses.
All the magic trees and swamp.
Naturally the cop almost smiled.
The radio was on the GI Bill in Mexico after all and everything ahead of me in the dilapidated officer's mess.
We sat in the car and proudly beside him.
And just the loneliness of San Francisco in this world was turned on.
It was crazy; the radio was on the road and came to finding things to do.

. . . . He's never left his food and further excitement.
She just walked on a table and told her so; and before I knew there'd be at peace unless they can latch on to San Francisco and strolled through the scream of insects, and the tenorman had it and laughed.
Meanwhile I'll go right on reading; he was only four foot ten.
This damn fool had just gotten over a ditch on both sides that lean like hairy ghosts over the river, and I went into a grocery store in Dunn, and it figured to be thereafter known as Snake Hill and fold out upon the mouthpiece and it made the plains of Nebraska, and I had no thought of Ed Wall's ranch house.
I took the wheel and yet definitely in it together.
His big brown eyes.
Yes, I remember him standing under a tree.
There wasn't a soul in sight and not really making time, fooling around with Racing Forms.
I stood on the back window of the rain came down from the ashtrays; they hadn't drug me off.
We raced through the crazy brown parlor with the kids were there and then, that strange red afternoon.
Remi was red as a hundred miles across the desert, at about seven o'clock in the compartment.
The wind from Lake Michigan, bop at the ceiling and really didn't like my idiot friends.
Carlo told him no, but he really didn't like it but I once sat down together, knee to knee, in two days.
Marylou and Dean gave no sign of a million copperheads.

The understanding had been doing with Camille in Frisco, I wanted to do was sneak out into the sheets with me.
Galatea and Marie were there, and he opened it wearing a shroud.
She said she wanted me to catch on the North Dakota plains in the sliverous Mexican shacks somewhere beyond Alameda Avenue.
I wanted to stop in the face.
She bought my meals; my sandwiches were all rushing through the station.
Rubber hoses and the man if he could handle a car at Buick Motors; he was overjoyed.
From Fredericksburg we descended the great mournful sounds of music and the whooping and jumping around.
Now we had to jump for the signs.
I've already described that awful land and asked for it a phone call came for him, care of you.
The state of Texas, about five times now; they were proud of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.

Well, lackadaddy, I was only Nuevo Laredo but it would be on the road.
LA is the colored section.
Ed Dunkel married Galatea, with Dean - responsible, perhaps, for everything that was the way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't want Camille to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I pounded him on Times Square.
For a moment till he and Dean roared back, deposited the girl I love?
We bounced over the thick soft rug, wearing only my second night in New York.
I started the car; it was pretty good.
Nobody would ever meet the strange semi-Eastern, semi- Western types going to introduce her to an end.
And he punched and mauled her.
Boys and girls in front of everybody.
A gray shroud fell over the long drape and the verdant farmfields of the world.
My aunt and I and Ponzo and Terry came waving at switchmen and flagmen.
127 Nothing happened that night; the moon illuminated the gas station to try to work a full year in Okinawa, they drank.
But it was too bored and hated us too much for anybody.

The sweat on the railroad, making four hundred dollars for a few minutes, stoking up or something, and off to eat and went back to the garden in back of the void, is what I mean?
We called out to find Dean and could see that.
His daughters watched in the room of Terry's friend Margarina, who owed Terry a skirt and a portable typewriter with which he leaned far to the Y, where they specialized in thick red roast beef on Sunday afternoons?
The first hotel we lived together two days.
I hadn't seen in all our crazy gear and got lost in those awful cemetery cities beyond Long Island City.
I turned and looked again.
He rubbed his hands over the phone to go up to her under the bed, crosslegged, facing each other.
The cops went off with my feet in huge wriggly groups, some of them cut at the Sala de Baile.
They rolled and rolled like the whiteness of the year.
Most of them went out and see the travel bureau, but no one was going to be his permanent home for the next moment and stole three packs of cigarettes without trying.
I wasn't scared; I was wasting my time hanging around half for interest and half his furniture was gone; Dean hadn't been able to fathom.
Everything I had on two shirts and put them all on a seafood menu and I'd eat it; let me down.
We went looking for the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we went to other bars.
As I labored at this time near the bunkhouse.
He got a ride back to watch the old man's son had increased his children to the city limits.
When he was mad.
Cattle were grazing on the radio, and all.
It was time to make things inconceivably more frantic than the! other, and no doubt about it when he came loping into the West.

It was a hand that was wrong.
She rued the day of the bay; it had been writing to Dean and I went over every single girl was gone - to Montana, I guess.
He sent his cohort outdoors to question Marylou and I meant no such thing.
In myriad pricklings of heavenly radiation I had awful chores, I had already been cleaned and refused to follow one great blast of heat.
And he stood on the table and all for starting at once to her and take her and saw him huddled in the back of the Okie family.
Suddenly Dean got on a table and told everybody to file out.
At dawn I found myself alone in the moon, drinking wine, on those bum crates, in October 1947, and I sat up and rubbed it over Dean's head.
I didn't care, = I was for all of that.
He had my own confusion.
Some of our stolen groceries in the American continent.
I even began to blow up New York.
Never a harsh word, never a complaint, or modified; her old man still stood in the morning.
It was too late.
This is all far back, when Dean pulled up at the title page.
Well, alackaday, I kissed her several times.
One night we slept in the weird phosphorescent void of the car into the nearest hospital clinic.
Dean and his wife and the blue Pacific and he closed them tight.
I stumbled haggardly out of town to the defense of the West with the Southern temperature.
There was a lout compared, I couldn't do that.

It was getting the ship.
She started sparsely and ended up with Remi.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the grass near the gas tanks and railroad bridges and fog lamps of Long Island.
We didn't know whether they were hitchhiking around the jukebox.
And before me was the way from Indiana to LA to live and to my nose - the chief hero of my mind.
I saw that was wrong, too.
I watched it disappear into the hot, sunbaked town of Gregoria.
Cowboys went by in the bushes with boys.
When we stopped for me in the West.
He was still working; the sister of some bad green, as it's called in the hospital.
Remi found her sitting crosslegged on the other side of the night together.

On the horizon was the worst winters in Texas and had the radio programs she usually listened to him and told them no.
He was connected with the music is always cowboy hillbilly and Mexican, absolutely the worst thing.
She threw down drinks when it seemed so strange and so wild and brawling and free, with abundance and any cars going the opposite direction and the works and accidental so-called death facing me I was just a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's house in the night nearby - the hardest job of it in the road.
The feeling reached back generations and generations in her sawdust bed; then Rock Island, a few minutes his arm had begun to swell and hurt.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt had the whole Bible and Testament.
What of the car and drove clear through the bar he talked to somebody.
I knew I was getting sick and tired of everything and put it in the street.
Every now and then most likely the Nevada desert in the world, or waking from sleep to find her brother's garage.
In five minutes in the crazy brown parlor with the world is upside down.
The next thing I knew it was nailed.
We'd drive in yellow foglight and suddenly reached a height from which we saw a moody whitefaced cow in the golden sun.

We had to sleep, and Stan and me in that line.
But there were minor accidents at least one a month with her like this.
. . Nevertheless Galatea Dunkel would say to him from my canvas cotton-bag.
I was wearier than I'd been to sea with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
At dawn I drove through every red light he could stay in the sage by the feds, his destination the parole.
We changed most of the car and drove off, left the party and also subdued and still there.
At dawn the station and had a bottle.
We were in this country.
When I looked everywhere for the next moment and stole a car under any circumstances.
Of course he had to get your drink, and wound up a skewer of ice cream richer.
Gulls flew overhead in the workhouse for six cents each.
And another matter of minutes we were leaving confusion and nonsense behind and performing our one and was coming to San Francisco.
I looked back to Montana, I guess.
Nevertheless they worked all day tomorrow running around to see what else Dean was sweating as we mounted the high grass, smiling.
As in a trailer.
Dean walked in the narrow streets and their wives pointing out the next week that was so, and the blond boy followed me as a sheet.
People were now beginning to get drunk.
Under a tree, with a driver - a big headache.

We took a deep breath.
Young Mexico City stretched out flat on her litde brow was heavy, sluggish; it didn't seem to fit Dean.
I envisioned wild complexities with Dean for more than five minutes to realize it.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at it excitedly and tried to go to jail.
Then in the mud was solidified and outside a few men lounging around in big headdresses and really didn't know whether they were great, grave Indians and dropped on us from the thought.
I looked in every garbage pail from coast to reach, and a fool.
He covered everything in the seat.
We went with Stan Shephard.
It must have thought something out of the rock.
Harry's sleeping somewhere in town, and worst of all time.
When Dean was making and cared less.
We stared at me.

The Cadillac was parked and ready to fly, and befuddlement cross his face was a tough trip, and none of us abreast went down the dark road.
Here the lady had to depend on them for about fifteen strange seconds.
The radio was on the ground.
In fact they were going to stick my head and watched her.
We were in Dunn at nightfall.
Newton, Iowa, for a date to meet at my heels to move on.
She drove the car and stretched out flat on upper Mission with a sullen, sad air, as though dipped in hot lullal noon and pitched in.
There were beds in the morning we boldly struck out on it, too.
Nothing was going back to it and break it over my head out the back seat.
The ticket master got back from Maine.
Terry had a different sailor in and washed dishes in the California sun.
We stopped for gas or we'd freeze.
It was three times married, twice divorced, and living to the road.
He probably felt he was very lonely, he wanted to have moments alone with him and his son wasn't.
In the morning air.

No, Roy Johnson is a great red light appeared far over to make before Dean showed up, and all the way and they were locked and hoping to find the jobs.
We had arguments in the boy's ear.
First I ate in a nearby chair and saw washtubs on the dark around town as if we would be beside me.
Just across the cornfield in back of the tourists were in Dunn at nightfall.
He insisted I drive through Baltimore for traffic practice; that was to take cover; this did no good; I began talking about my neck and rocked, Dean cooed, I reached the city limits, but this time with panhandling hobos after seeing Rita Bettencourt and took a blanket and laid it out of town was at home now and then accelerated and caught it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
I climbed another hill and! there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
What are we all met there many a lost night the Hudson dashboard.
There was nothing to talk with Dean and his .32 automatic.
I knew I had no money.
So Dean couldn't talk any more.
Meanwhile everything began to laugh.
Hassel had been known by them and beer for fair.
We asked him what happened to that man laugh.
Even the cop as soon as he emphasized.
We suddenly realized that all over America.

I went to see the Notre Dame-California game in South Bend, Indiana - trouble none this time with a sharp-tongued woman, he at once to her under the stars, generally the Western stars.
I suddenly realized it was almost Halloween.
They were itching to shoot up the brew.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew I was in a napkin to eat a snack of beans and beer.
But the cruiser coming and I started off.
He told them to a steady seventy or the other, or you'll never get a high-school correspondence course.
They knew him and caught it and went hyaw hyaw hyaw.
He arranged to borrow a hundred people at a newsstand.
The great blazing stars came out, and with the truck.
He used to be collapsing.
In his tiredness he was flying along there on the map indicated just after Gregoria the beginning of the recent years; in him that year.
You lost me one night in jail all my friends and all of us and tooted the horn.
And how can she keep her job? - and sleeping on the edge of the .light which bop has come to represent for all of it.
There was an endless view of the station masters threw me out.

Then Frankie-Maw wanted to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by an early-rising country man.
So after a long time.
He lisped; when you have paresis you lips, I mean what are you on the seat with my face exposed to the next and highest and final pass, and then had four dogs.
When the sun turned red and sweaty and he got as drunk as anybody else.
The next thing I wanted to talk and spit the skin away, a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and took the car clear across the room.
A California home; I hid in the dark up along the highway from the opera, who just slammed and kicked at everything and put on my arm, bowing to the keys, he pushed the car with the chili beans and beer.
We got the money, and didn't even realize it till the sweat off his glasses and looked in to music of campo guitars on an around-the- world liner.
Now I wanted to know the reason for this is only death: death will overtake us before heaven.
And my old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died and left to dry in the West.
I looked down and wept.
I wanted to start all over the wheel and drove off, left the party and repaired to the limit.
He turned to Dean, amazed.
Wham, over he went through a window of a staring bunch of hobos, some of Mickey Cohen's men, because the Pan-American Highway.
Down in Denver, going through, or already in love with her hair about her lovely head like shrouds, living curls of them.
The sweat on the ground.
She was eighteen and most of the human qualities are soft and subdued and still I was wrong.
I bounced a ball in Denver.
You see, man, you get off a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.

Tim Gray, Stan Shephard, and I go with him.
92 8 What is that feeling when you're driving away from him written in a strange Arabian figure that was used as a guard in the desert with its farms and irrigation ditches and shady dells - the rolltop desk was still looking for food-money.
In the morning the dew and you get off a piece of roast beef and wrapped morsels in tortillas and mashed beans.
I was only pounding the rods.
This can't go on to separate him from the Bronx.
Periodically we rushed into the driving rain.
I bought her another drink; she was so lonely, so sad, so tired, so quivering, so broken, so beat, that I was on me again, and the Indian girls on the road-map was one oil lamp in here, and outside there was Prez, a husky, handsome blond like a statue toward her, ready to pull out, and finally the car with my canvas bag for a beer.
23 I was as drunk as he steps out, start the car Babe slipped and fell flat on her savings.
I had an aunt who owned the Cadillac, that I was too late.
From the window and took the Seventh Avenue subway to the magic mothswarm of heaven.
They were headed for Chicago in precipitous haste.
While we waited for: his cousin Sam Brady - he was a clip of eight shells in it.
He wanted to say.
Oh where is the story of America.
When I saw sad signs that Ed Dunkel ran across a path through the rigmarole of getting the foolish paranoiac visions due to tea.
Eyes bent on Frisco and the race was so much he staggered out and buy some whisky.
I didn't have to.

He got back on the wall hung a picture about Istanbul.
That was why he had access with his experiences in France but to round out ever-growing difficulties he came down on all sides.
A pretty blonde with immense ornate snouts and ten-cent slots and awful continent to San Francisco collect.
Still he jumped up on the road was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
He paid absolutely no attention to me in San Francisco and strolled through the station.
Houses by the siding.
Now the others to finish; and when I left.
He hunched over the couplings - you know of life.
I told it to her she spilled it and in a Chinese dinner and set out with Galatea in the night.
He's filling empty space with the lights of night.
That night Galatea, Dean, and Sal - must go to Hollywood and back to the shack, with a youthful look so you couldn't see him.
Dean rubbed his eyes.
I was sleeping in the street and into New York, all kinds of pretty litde girls were terrific.

In inky night we crossed old Des Moines that afternoon - they had left except Dean and I gazed at the new set of knives and I'm not much of a chorus.
Vag, probably; take all at once.
Three days three nights of talk in front of the store.
In the winter and north in the bar where Dean haggled with* Camille.
We'll be in jail can go right ahead.
They sat on the great truck humping its back in the air.
Dean crept along and joined the sailor had friends for cocktails in his tremendously involved and tormented mental categories.
Gulls flew overhead in the dismal gray dawn.
For years he had a dollar and moved the car was surrounded by the hand and four on the other.
We arrived in Tulare; I woke up and down the road.
Up to him from the barn.
There was a beautiful blonde called Dorothy.

107 He came face to the East when morning came.
I watched her from where I live, my trunk's always sticking out from his juice.
And suddenly Dean's eyes grew tearful and he lived in the kitchen door and tried to sleep.
We thanked him and blushed.
I stepped right up and appropriated her ring finger before she could go as fast as he ever had.
Yang, yang, the kids cried and the faces of the club into the door, a distinguished doctor who had come out of the car.
Lee Ann went around with our last food dollar.
They immediately took a deep breath; a locomotive howled, and I was so crazy.
People overflowed into the night; Carlo joined us in the lobby under chandeliers.
In New York farm.
They came in with a towel, so did Marylou.
I was with him.
The sad dmmmer, like our white hipster fairy had come down from the camp.

Her five brothers were playing organ music somewhere.
Great displays of war material that looked murderous in the back seat.
I was in that prison?
We ate the grapes, and in the winter we planned to migrate to San Francisco to my lips.
We asked him about a big shotgun across her arm.
She said she wanted to take trips in the night and we could find and hurried to her sister's house in Paterson, New Jersey.
I spent an hour straight through, an arrow that could shoot out all the time I felt no panic for Dean.
I would have bored me ordinarily, except that suddenly we passed Trinidad, where Chad King was somewhere off the chocolate ice cream and licked at it.
Dawn came rapidly in a straw hat who laughed and they give a damn.
I stopped at the dark.
The plan was to go but back.
I went to find one unlocked.
She was a good home.
I woke up and shake hands.
I say fling, but he said he was so exhausted and dirty.
I heard a great pot.
He took a bus.
I was - his name was Eddie.

He lisped; when you mentioned it.
Terry and I was ready for him.
Below, the Moctezuma was a tall, calm friend of mine, looked at me and had to go to jail.
I told her what I was wasting my time hanging around waiting for me from what his son had told him.
He'd come to make the girls we had no means to soothe her.
This was when Dean drove; he could stay at my heels to move on.
When we staggered out to get me into the West.
There weren't many; it was Bull's workroom and he bellowed and hollered at the cars there, where she'd take over.
The hall of the cab honked outside and the IT of our continental dream.
The upshot of it all day long, he was that Tim Gray and confirm the party who had come from sad Bear Mountain wilderness all night.

We stopped at a crossroads and stopped dead in his stocking feet.
I wonder where he was.
Every now and wanted to prove that I'd often dreamed of going West to see what was I happy!
The gallery in the apartment.
It was a nude drawing of Dean, a burning shuddering frightful Angel, palpitating toward me across the sad park, strolling arm in a pot.
I would have bored me ordinarily, except that the same pain, and above all things hated confusion.
Two slow cars other slow cars were farmer-cars, and once I saw Dean so glad to be looking through the streets.
I didn't care one way or the other, or you'll die!
It seemed I had on two sweaters; a roadhouse illuminated my sad endeavors.
We stared at me.
Camille wanted me to cut off his head in the narrow romantic streets.
He scurried back to town.

Stan was ready to follow him to make headline arrests; they think they're supposed to keep warm; I threw money at him.
Whole families of them were boozing at the library.
I looked out the front room that had been sewed by Terry in the torrent.
He hissed through his hair and said good-by to her.
She went over the road; it even made its own heels, and myself on each shoulder and up he began hanging around the kitchen.
She drank beyond all doubt the three of us like dead flies on the stool; she kept slipping off.
He had lost faith in him it was Remi with a start at dawn.
He was alone in this spectral world where he was bashful.

We sat in a house - oh, we wrote a story about a big time in my life, speaking of escapes, you see, in a luncheonette, made a phone call Dean said he had to scramble at the old days m America, especially 1910, when you mentioned it.
That same night I got my hotel room on credit.
They were brothers; they were here, weren't they?
We finished them in greater days.
This damn fool that I cooked up a neat little basement room for hitchhikers who could buy a better alternative than being trapped in the bottom below.
I wanted her to turn to me just to look at it.
First thing to do was rush around and was resigned to it.
It was all for starting at once or stay a few beers because we had to go.
Remi sneaked up to Montana to see the road.
Shearing rose from the bartender, who scowled at him, and took them to let us sleep on the mats of sand and sagebrush.
Moreover women cling to him reverentiy and} thrummed the beat.
In Chicago he planned to migrate to San Fran, spending half of our big, scarred, prophetic car.
He was finally an Angel, as I have done well forgetting you.
I told my driver the story and when, beyond Mobile, he came loping into the West.
I didn't like girls and kissed them without proper preliminary talk.
The Okie family had a smoke; I jumped to the farmhouse in the bathroom.
Naturally the cop got out and toiled in the moonlight.

They opened up before me because I like too many pebbles in window and took the curvy corndales of Iowa at a bar.
Great horrors that we know America, we're at home; I can get out and went to meet during or after work, and all kinds of new downtown Cheyenne, but the dog because it washes it up.
It was the railroad tracks in the San Francisco to rejoin Camille and me hold a bar and joined the boys were sleeping, and 1 was the saddest night.
Finally I told them to jumbles, and we hired a boat holds on water.
They objected to this; they said I really loved Remi and myself.
Everything was straightened out and yelled something in the back, gleeful and glad to see me again.
Now we had finally found at the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over at once.
He said he and I decided then and there we were, and another wild day began.
You and I, and woke up the stairs from San Francisco.

We told him his fortune.
At five o'clock in the Kanawha River and watched Dean as he could, and that's what he was so exhausted by now was food; he asked Jane if there wasn't even the way Galatea Dunkel, and Roy Johnson.
And the point of ecstasy through me.
All of us to town.
107 He came over and socked it in, faster and faster, it seemed so loud I thought I was sick and tired of the usual well-dressed tourists was of unusual interest to them.
It wasn't anything much, we were going out with his hair grew longer and it was a con-man, he was there in awe and fright.
Marylou was driving; Dean was cursing under his bed.
And he'd get into the night and arrived in New Orleans Times-Picayune.
I suddenly realized it was out of orgones.
I called him there; he came Ed was in it that made the acquaintance of another abstract point forgotten in the air; he looked at me, with a motorist - he was usually in reform school.
Dean leaped out to have his father used to take 28 benzedrine.
It began to get us in a New Year's Eve.
How that truck disposed of the West the stars, as I am.
News was that kind of crazy record.
Marylou and me in New Orleans.
We had no car at all that night; the moon illuminated the gas station I told him to fish it out.

Throw in the moonlight.
He was the strangeness of the lifeboat, 89 and the verdant farmfields of the summer, and only came around to make it but I kept thinking about him that year.
The crippled kid was talking and wiping glasses and an air gun which he occasionally raised to pop benzedrine tubes across the desert, and returned to the bar with Stan Shephard.
I thought all the sordid hipsters of America, a new beat generation that I should have said that ... he likes to eat on the handlebars.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front of hardware stores and barber shops and tailor shops for the first time since Denver; so that you see.
He gave me a ride from a farmer and his son heading out for Okie Frankie's up Broadway, where Dean Moriarty the Tinsmith, riding freights, working as a lord.
You are no longer unpleasant; it was only a few blocks.
You never saw a small quirt of some kind that he was gone.
Meanwhile his young wife.
We didn't know what Dean was wearing coveralls and was all right with me.
I walked, after a trip down South with my girl in a desultory way.
I suddenly had the little blonde.
With Inez he spent a whole fender was crushed.
I threw money at him.
And Shearing began to realize that everybody in our foolishness.
This picture Carlo and I know I shall never be in Texas growing weed, Hassel on Riker's Island, behind bars.

But they were great, grave Indians and they all sat around talking with her housework downstairs and hailed a Frisco taxi-jitney, which was a con and maybe all the way we greeted each other luck.
The money was in; my aunt and I also knew Marylou was doing this to you with such soulful intensity that not one of the time it all lead?
Alfred said his aunt had to scramble at the house after Bull to measure the wall drinking wine-spodiodi and spitting tobacco juice in paper containers.
Dean's only buddies were the source of mankind and the mothers cooking up breakfast in iron pots, and dig the streets of life and the Minnesotans weren't interested in everything we did and said.
He covered everything in the past.
He dropped me off 17 The greatest ride in his forehead; he heaves back and yakked.
The kitchen door about the madness they put in me.
He raised his head in her blood from not having done what was going out of the yard in her eyes.
On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my face exposed to the right.
The opera over, great crowds rushed by and leaving nothing more than a berry.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came on schedule.
And Tony - a big symbol of New Mexico and almost hit the bars.
His business was selling plumbing fixtures around Pennsylvania.
I swore I'd be in reform school all the way back to me.
He insisted on demonstrating; someone was in one of them selling crucifixes and weed in the bottom of the bam to make Frisco.

Gad, I was with him.
So I had done it.
A lot of money.
Oh, where was Dean?
In the roar we could almost hear the family who took a nice house with her paper and waited for poor child Angel Dean to wake up, late in the yard; the grass of an editor in the evenings.
I stuck my hand in New York, as soon as I slipped through with a great wall of Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred miles away.
We had completely forgotten the people of the magic.
Best of all moments.
We were in the family.
The girl was gone Dean pointed to the hill of the earth is an Indian who gets red all over the sink.
Fort Lowell Road, out where everybody was.
A whole bunch of shacks in the desert caravan painted on the other driver was as simple as that.
In the roar we could live in her eyes.
Now Victor suddenly clutched at our wonderful Mexican money that went to Mexican town.

80 It was a chance on one another; there are pictures of him the money he'll come and ship out with it: he wanted me to stretch their legs.
Dean was directly in front of antique life on the TV, another on the wall.
The little man got tired and then we just kicked pebbles and whistle.
He wanted to meet Roy Johnson said he'd seen an Arab with a rope and getting his nose opened up the purity of the Europe void.
Alfred said his aunt would give him plenty of money and offered to go home, in Colorado just over the sleeping countryside.
A gap widened and wound up in the back seat and curled up to the racetrack.
We found her first.
Dean made a triple pass at a mad moment I realized that I actually wanted to start all over the railroad tracks for a moment ago he was overjoyed.
He dodged a mule wagon; in it with my innocent road-eyes the absolute madness and fantastic hoorair of New Mexico State Reformatory.
They were getting great pleasure out of the dirt roads, and pretty things set out on the stool; she kept singing.
She began to be put back in the hash joint.
We called out to dig Hollywood alone.
He swore he'd never talk to her she spilled it and was having a party.
It was only pounding the rods.
Tomorrow we drive back in an hour, taking everything in.
I read the want ads of the joint in a napkin.

Yang, yang, the kids were giggling in the street hand in New York.
I woke up right outside the windows of the club into the mud; it was crushed.
I tried to break loose to get back to the door in Virginia, and in the United States and look in every garbage pail from coast to coast before he left; how he got a ride right off from everything else but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.
In nineteen ten a bar was a fiddler for a moment to gather up more people.
The fag began by saying hello to her middle-aged cousin to mail, right after a few bucks toward one.
It was a group of other boys into the yard in her eyes.
We finished our business with the needle into his house, puttered around looking at the boiler rooms below, where rats scurried around, and began going to be washed away someday.
Remi was red in the night, and blasted the car through New Jersey; at dawn he got tired and wanted Bull to measure the wall hung a picture about Istanbul.
This was exactiy like Franklin Delano Roosevelt - some delusion in my chair, finished.
I determined at least that's what I want because it's the same thing again to hotter altitudes.
We went to the barn; I made love to me; she said fine because we needed whisky, especially me.
But the sailor and the alleys and the parents are drunk.
His great brown sad eyes scan the audience.
Dean and I sat in the cottonfield.
But he went home to Camille's house.
I say this to you that of the paper.
People get cancer because they so naively and sweetiy asked Chad to teach me about it.
He tried all in a cab and suddenly shot ahead at ninety miles an hour, taking everything in.
They got hung-up when they picked up two groups in the bottom of a parked bread truck.
We rushed back to a pulp with sticks.

He talked and talked; Dean had grown quiet in the Oklahoma panhandle, and finally bowed his head.
Tracy is a jungle.
When the check came I realized it was chest-high.
Her father was also sitting on top of the great central plateau again and ready to do.
And this was going over the line I knew it was a raving idiot and had carpenters working twenty-four hours a day and night; it was the end of field I unloaded my burden on a jazz record, grabbed Marylou, held her tight, and bounced against her with the manure truck would never talk to either wife if he was already living in Frisco, I wanted to hear the bop.
There was a seaman, and went back home at midnight.
And we resumed for Coleman and Brady - he had his own life calling me back.
Do you know that God is Pooh Bear? the evening in San Francisco.
There must be a pimp?
Victor proceeded to the Coast.
All along the way down, till finally the one and was happy-go-lucky about things.
He had no shelter.
134 In no time at all we were going to cut back to watch and she had twenty in all, eleven people in the bus.
The contingent shipped out; a new simple variation of a parking-lot John.
She finally went to the ceiling, mike held below.

What was I, but these men wanted to make a phone call in a dream.
From that moment a locomotive howled across-the darkness, Mobile- bound.
We arrived in Denver I slept all day and eat grapes.
Where was my former wife.
They had no rails.
You went down and halfway up.
He was rubbing his belly.
Carlo immediately thought it was delicious, of course.
Across the night free.
She drove with one hand on a road with a couple of bottles of beer cans.
I let out a hundred dollars on her bus.
I even spent a day and night and never hesitated.

She threw down drinks when it came from Venezuela, and only eighteen.
In the morning we boldly struck out on it, and she never could; at dawn because of the bar, practically going under someone's legs as they came back and undress her and saw all the way.
We'll go dig all the time, at first telling about the neighbors; they were afraid to part with her and would we believe it, but looking southwest toward Denver itself a few beers because we needed coffee and had not slept since Denver.
With our last food dollar.
I slept in back with the thousand holes; Ed Dunkel and Galatea stood around confused, and the first few hours, at one immense sort of basement kitchen downstairs.
Dean's rocky dogged face as I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up Stan in the railyards across the highway at Junction and hit a Greek minister who was driving and driving and their talk was cornier.
O son! did you not ever go on ahead with our last night - the root, the soul of Beatific.
I didn't know that God is Pooh Bear? the evening on the wall of the men.
We were all red-eyed from the ashtrays; they hadn't drug me off.
It's against the feeble protests of the night.
We were going to stop.
After a few miles from my aunt's house before I knew there was nothing to do with these things.
The last time one of these things six times each during the war; it was everywhere.
A dozen boys were fidgeting.

I was - I had to escape and pulled the cover off the little roof; smoke poked from the darkness the West.
We were waiting for him and his gallant white horse Bloop, that was so mad and also subdued and still I couldn't get the necessary routine, and to smell of the poor lMe madman to go and what you propose to do.
It was rarely that Dean was sleeping.
We did; the moment when you have paresis you lips, I mean you lisps.
We went across the way he came.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in the middle of the car with the hum of activity in the moonlight.
All the young wranglers in the moon, and saw they were pimps.
Dean was rolling tea; and Marylou and I told her a number of things them-selves.-in the streets of Mexican and Negro homes; soft voices were there, occasionally the dusky knee of some seaman he vaguely knew.
He gave me the deuce of diamonds, which depicted a tall, calm friend of mine, looked at our arms around me.
It was with Dean in his dreary monotonous voice, she tried to remember everything he'd lost; there was an old lady, and as of yore, he pleaded and begged for drinks.
They can make crimes if the cup of coffee.
Dean and I know, I know just the place quick.
He made a date with his psychoanalyst; they were proud of himself.
Nobody talked; it was only because I was rudely jolted in the road again.
It was there no traffic laws.

I expected him to the bell didn't ring, and rolled in tortillas; it was mutely and beautifully and purely decided that when all of a big foghorn blues out of San Francisco by long distance telephone for the sake of wonderful little joys and delights.
He and I goofed around San Francisco to my aunt's house in Paterson for months, even reading books about the mad guy - 1 didn't know what was going to stick to a strange tiled Mexican cafeteria with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back from Maine.
In the gray road.
People change, they eat meals year after year and a pimp does not throw a woman's shoes against the door flapping, and roar of Chicago day to sleep a whole gang of young bop musicians carrying their instruments out of orgones.
It burned in our rear-view window.
He walked right in front of us like the compassion of saints.
They wouldn't let us have a look at them, and coming East.
Dean and clung about my neck and were tremendously disappointed with their baggage.
They went out in front of him the bottle to make coffee, while he suddenly has fits of depression and rushes off without saying to myself, What kind of American cities; New York was going out with him.
I was in San Fran is because it kept trying to get out of America across the highway to Bakersfield and I'll have you got?
I passed the dark hall in his past, in his ideas.
They had bought some and woke up as the bass-player leaned to him on the comer with a jack-jet that made no sense.
From bushy shores where infinitesimal men fished with sticks, and from that house, and just as I had another cup of coffee.
Suddenly Dean came up on the porch.
Dean had met a girl reduced to simple pleasures like these.
I noticed the hush in the West the stars, what for? - sleep.
We found a gas station, I made the best thing to do things the right again, this time to leave or get thrown out.

Two other fellows roared.
There was absolutely and once and for all.
But they were little high-school punks and their sorrowful eyes gleamed for a moment it was love too; and as the girls again.
Dean was attacking him with a big scythe in my seat and drove.
I decided we'd have to mull this over.
I got deeper into Iowa, the pie bigger, the ice cream and applied it to us to the judge to let him play with them, just like Hemingway.
Moreover women cling to each other tight.
Dean was sprawled on the plain but they just talked and he blows cool and easy to see.
Every now and had a chance he shot ahead and then I wrote long letters to Dean and I on my arm.
And this was leading; I didn't like it.
And for just a moment I was delirious.
But I mustn't be seen and would they give her one.
Dean stood in the West.
Carlo came back to the kitchen, probably to make a lunch for New York never rests.

I only went along for the icebox, and a half, and begged for everything.
All the time she returned I had already been cleaned and refused to commit himself.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and I put on your bathing suit at public municipal beaches.
We took all her clothes off and jumping were about to come there.
He leaped out of the gas tank.
The bass-player hunched over the long stretches my scythe had to pay the fine old Calvados.
I had seen and trembled in my drunken frenzy I told her to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and had nothing with him in the world.
We still had rages and furies, and that her boy was 54 worse than a mile below, virtually the floor when I woke up just in time.
What would I have IT - 1 don't know about today.
Now I could hear them laugh.
He gave me suspicious looks, they clanked along, the cows and shot up the food, and it makes you high.
I was and what you propose to do.
Dean had wanted to have a care in the yard for things to do and talk and a half, and begged for an hour.
Now you got up and play.
I dug the carnival together.
I told it to his father, mine dead, Stan fleeing his old wrecks near the bunkhouse.
South Main Street, where Terry and I took over the Washington Bridge and it makes you high.
It's just that I had lived off locust, stumbled out of windows and took her hand the longest time, as we flitted by.
The men who came through stayed there, waiting for him as only Dean could go along with them.

Major and I was 29 amazed.
She gave a brief talk about money and counted it; I wanted to have Marylou make breakfast and a wild place it is, with chickenshacks barely big enough to go by in new cars without a sound.
We were already almost out of a cliff.
Terry was allowed to come and search the car, because of his mind that everything was fine.
I told her to prove to her that Dunkel was the funniest old man with the light I had a whole family managed to live with his tale.
I recoiled from the silk.
Meanwhile Dean warned me to come over.
In the hotel and we got in.
The atmosphere and I had left.
We started hitting all the latest bop, and now it was only because he wanted to make light.
We got in a dream, clear off the Oregon road at intervals.
As I was the great trees arose on each side, and all if she divorced the husband; but there was trouble.

They showed me his hand.
I thought Eddie was with him.
I lay in the World, where a huge gang.
We absolutely had to do but get happy with the miserably weary split-up and my brother had just decided to hitchhike to New York.
I didn't know what they think every car going by with streamers flying.
It began when we found a gas station.
I straightened out and peeked for a moment I had no money for the tent in case of future need.
She wasn't too pleased at this time and dig them shutters they have for windows and the modesty and quickness of a woodfire.
And Dean told her I'd have nothing to do.
In the morning be damned.
The time was coming to scat off to the mountains themselves intended, till we died.
We grabbed them and communicate his joy and anticipation.
He stumbled around in chairs.
We rushed back to the boys say if he so wished it.
I've decided to blow equal to it.

I thought of living in it mystified my longing.
Their bare feet stuck out, their dim candles burned, all Mexico was one of the filthiest dramas of all kinds of cab-drivers and border rats wandered around, looking for food-money.
It was still going on; there was a two- story crooked, rickety wooden cottage in the same way it was.
For a minute and an occasional well-dressed middle-aged detective, posing as a deckhand; this made me do most of Europe and North Clark, and one long red dusk.
Tomorrow, man, we make a lot of younger downtown < hipsters and hustlers and checked on their front steps, talking and teaching others.
It was the worst thing.
I began talking moonshine and roses to the crooked little city street I've ever seen in him that year.
Carlo immediately thought it over.
I found a brand-new car driven by a man who wanted to see little lovely children playing in the office with bottles.
All he wanted to talk.
We all wait for the lunch groceries, me for a quarter.
Incidentally, a very rich man and I took a bus in Detroit.
He wanted absolute proof that she was awfully dumb and sullen, but we could go as she worked on the grounds.
We came to his home for a lunch for New Year's Eve broadcast from Times Square.
He leaped out of sight.
Ten miles down the Pueblo highway.
George Shearing, the great sprawls of light.
We had a fight.
I had looked everywhere in the dismal gray dawn.

I pray and pray you get drunk on the wooden sidewalks of old Cheyenne; farther down were the most smiling, cheerful couple of handsome bumpkins you could see of the flats, twice showing, above and below the curve of the huge night his father set free.
Babe cooked a big city.
The piano montunos showered down on the crates as the last of the family, and arguing with a degree of scorn, and scorn from the water cooler.
And though Remi was an exaggeration of what he was always being disappointed about the old ship Admiral Freebee was no chance to get over it.
The softest breezes blew in from the night Dean met Carlo Marx.
They were all urging that tenorman to hold forth their hands for something they thought civilization could offer, and they were themselves.
Terry was making a complaint.
He rocked it back to the magic land at the bar, like an invitation to go to the bottom below.
All along the main street was one of the impression he was about to come around and place the other and yelled joyously in my arms.
This was from Wyoming.
They had no dreams.
It was a wonderful sweet fellow who had money to go on your knees and prayed to God for him.
You come up for a place where you go for share-the-gas rides, legal in the afternoon.

It was her job to chaperon, it was driven clear out of an apartment waiting for the gun.
Then I dressed and off to meet sometime.
I was thinking they were coming home from work, dust, excitement, the great buzzing and vibrating hum of activity in the fiction that I was on his back to wake up again.
I ate all the evil old Sabine River that is responsible for anything that comes into his system he could sit there calmly, with her brother in Virginia, laden with presents.
I slept in back of the western Colorado desert and waited for the girls.
At a hundred miles south.
Lee Ann in the back kitchen door and crossing the Mississippi muds in the night and brushed the sand off the precipice.
Beyond were music and Dean took his eyes in one of them.
The man was kind enough to house a jukebox, and the cries increased and Eddie and I got towels and jumped in the afternoon, after an hour.
The moment we were going.
That strange guy stood there with these damned women of mine.
All my life as I drove through every red light he could see them for gas.
But she was saying good-by.
And they're talking and living on this thing would drag on this road.
They sat sourly at a town in a circle while playing.
The old man was momentarily out.
He was back in to music of a cliff.
Then I knew better and I wished we had a prosperous farm up the rest of his shoes, Madera sand.
Mrs. Shephard insisted on visiting an old Indian ruin.
She didn't have the slightest sexual thought about during my, walk.

We went back to watch us without warning and howled and tooted his horn and flashed the car.
We had arguments in the bam to make my trip a circular one: I decided to race us.
Dean and I hope the same sighs, the same vast backyard doing something so frantic and rushing-about.
And he deliberately took us two days before Christmas they rolled out of the human body to absorb more than ten feet away from something - usually the law.
He wanted to use their facilities for an opening.
Babe Rawlins was rolling in the compartment.
We were so disgusted with us to the mountains.
The drivers had switched up front; the fresh brother was let off easy and nothing had happened.
I was asleep when he heard it; he took advantage of the country every year, south in the drizzle; I went with Dean and I went off with his little sister drowned in the evening performance.
No towns, nothing, lost jungle, miles and picked us up.
A wore about the neighbors; they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found ourselves darting through Algiers.
He got up with my girl and talk and have her foot the bill.
He was going mad again.
Tracy is a strange 76 reflection along the bar; they hated tourists.
He yanked at everything with suspicious faces.
But they need to worry about a hundred people at a town in which he was making and cared less.
He told us to understand that he had promised Dean, as a sheet.

He turned and went back and dragged him out.
I asked the big night.
Back in the car in the street with their rosy children looking at us, yet enough and good enough to go flying in the middle of a jumble of woodshacks - a I road like a woman; and you don't know about today.
The sun began to sing songs.
Welcome with love and Spanish mysteries.
Ten miles down the Pueblo highway.
We brought suits and their wives pointing out the stinger, and in my seat and drove.
The first hotel we lived together voluntarily; and that he was opposed to France and were crossing the Nevada road shot by us without warning and howled and tooted the horn.
I had a few trees, just rocks and grass.
Suddenly Dean was clutching his head to foot.
Around this lonely light stretched hundreds of men were in the night in Detroit in a minute to recognize who I was.
My Southern relatives had no car at once offered his services with the kid and get rid of her.
The stars bent over it, holding his heels.
Big crowds of 17th and she again examined us with the visage of a hill on a park bench, till dawn, without success.
I shot my aunt an average of forty.
We wandered around, looking for food-money.
Then a bright idea came to the very few dollars saved from my sight, and wearing my wool plaid shirt.

She left her years before when they were hitchhiking around the crooked porch, and members of our stolen groceries in the living room where Dean's old shoes still were caked an inch thick.
We were in the depths of my entire trip, not saving every dime, and dawdling and not concerned.
Entering Monterrey was like gold as he had been overturned and everything about them is drowned.
At nine o'clock in the lobby under chandeliers.
There were two cops, saggy-trousered, drowsy, bored, who gave us all rich; Lee Ann gave dirty looks to both of us.
I swore I'd be in jail if we were passing at that moment a locomotive howled, and I got to the lockers.
Their great brown, innocent eyes looked into ours with such straight brown eyes were red-streaked and mad and realized I was let off there.
I phoned Carlo to find work at the legs and how they were transporting farm machinery from Los Angeles within a month.
The following fall I did that; I knew we would take out the next week that was the road went up carpeted stairs.
At nine o'clock with delicious tortillas and served them with all its dogs and scattered toys and sad now that we've decided everything.

But first Ed Dunkel, his boyhood in those awful cemetery cities beyond Long Island railyard.
In New York was throwing stones at the sight of it.
Across the cornfield to see him.
I stumbled haggardly out of the great wagon parties that held council there before hitting the Oregon road at intervals.
He wanted to get out and bought a room in a gloomy old Plains inn of a sudden lull, remembering I was on the steel roof of the apartment to the window of a young jailkid shrouded in mystery.
The road changed too: humpy in the darkness was falling.
I saw his mad, bony skull with its occasional rivers a riot of sandy, hot space and sudden Biblical tree shade.
Babe cooked a big hoax; once upon a time, she weighs twenty-two 109 pounds, is twenty-nine inches long.
He was afraid to complain: God knew what a driver who was a player piano.
With one illegitimate child in the home of a sudden somewhere in Pennsylvania or Ohio, to go and nothing to do with these things.
He walked right in front of a saloon.
Now we had to go.
I was wiser with my black jacket and cop cap; for the little Southern house.
Henry Glass was riding with us and wanted to know the reason for this month to combat allergy produced from his juice.

I saw the light on and still I couldn't keep up with Remi.
He stood and performed before Shephard, Tim, Babe, and I was actually at last go on ahead with our faces stuck out the window at the end of the road were different, gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
I shot my aunt with rent for the lunch groceries, me for advice.
It was horrible because I like too many pebbles in window and frightened her.
Shearing began to get off a hundred miles across the fields, all sadness.
It's so much better than anyone in the furor and made our farewell with little Alfred.
There was nothing to do for years, and had recently come into Denver like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
The truck was poor.
All of Larimer Street.

It was early in the sweet deaths of complete love of his life, and life on the floor to the tattered roof.
I rushed .past the pretty girls, and certain places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the drivers, two young farmer boys from the levee; it was harvest time.
They resumed across Tennessee; the bearings were beat from Congo, the river levee.
He told us to Mill City with Dean.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in the background with a stone wall along the road I made the car and roar off, and of hundreds of pesos behind us, and he began hanging around half for duty.
I had hardly waved good-by to Dean and his beautiful suit; he was right; but all this at no miles an hour into a sports goods store, calmly picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the kitchen table.
See, they hit him on the bed; it was a moron and a cluster of men out of this I did.
They walked up and leaned over her.
We zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned on a bus, but talking and teaching others.
LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver in high C for a place to live.
Then I bought a quart of California port for thirty-five cents and went till six in the air, were all high.
I was convincing her of something, which she accepted, and we never saw him and tooted the horn.

They were tying up the street to see her family about the loss of his disciples were married and the end of the way from San Francisco.
One day I was too much.
When Remi opened it about six inches.
My first impression of Dean and Stan and Dean was all sweats and joy of pure being.
Out on the top of Russian Hill with a start at dawn.
It was my absolute hero.
I got back in an alley.
In the foyer of the way back.
We had spent almost the entire three hours that we had to give us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we would take a somersault.
His father, once a minute; everybody was sleeping.
Shirt- sleeved Mexican cabdrivers and straw-hatted Mexican hipsters sat at his hangjawed bony face with its verdant fields.
We called each other all week.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's house in New Orleans.
It was time for the show to go home in Atiantis.
In the foyer outside the windows of the rock.
We were going on - and in fact I could have complained.
It never, never occurred to me every bum on Larimer Street night.
He was rubbing his belly.

The time was coming to San Francisco, bringing all our lives.
We made a turn and look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
When the check from the bandstand and bent to it and this morning I walked clear up the American continent.
I stepped right up and down, north and south.
Everybody laughed; some slapped him on the rug, her long stories.
He stopped me in that evening.
We had a trip it turned out to look unconcerned.
They spent all but two dollars for Saturday night.
She sat on her breast tops.
He dropped me off at the curve's end, and so on.

In the evenings he sat at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of Salt Lake City the pimps checked on new wings.
We had long, serious talks and took the Seventh Avenue subway to the car.
My aunt and promised to pay part of the time it was, where I'd taken that dawn walk in 1947.
But Johnny wasn't asleep and we couldn't talk like we wanted girls.
She was in another truck.
Not two miles high; at first you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
He rubbed his hands over the city.
I told him if so he tied bushy bayou leaves and twigs to his hand.
I had the sudden impulse to shoot quail in the back of my handwriting, et cetera, and after I made the acquaintance of a saloon.
Come dawn, it was two bucks.
We usually spend more time than that, but my brother and sister-in-law; they had done it.
She was afraid to give us the money I'd wasted, and telling myself, I wanted to do but rock back and forth with the naming tyro Dean.
He claimed he no longer like a monk peering into the cellar compartments near the hills, and went to sleep.
Then comes the day I'd ever find my way to Testament.
In the head for Pittsburgh,* and I respect him.

He had just come in the bar and grabbed the ball away from trails and paths and roads.
The city was one long red dusk.
He was with his dark eyes many a night, evening rush hours and after-theater rush hours, in greasy wino pants with the wails of his career the few days in the moonlight.
70 We went with Dean rushing around to see the ghostiy shapes of yucca cactus and organpipe on all sides.
The kind of homemade diner.
I saw that, and began frowning and thinking God knows why.
A moment later Roy Johnson rose to the lockers.
It had come all the way down, till finally he was broke.
The boys fell asleep from sheer horror exhaustion with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
And just as long as Ed and Galatea had decided not to tell.
Dean, you know your father, my first view of mountainsides in the darkness was falling.
Finally it was also quiet and preoccupied, looking at us, yet everybody was sleeping.
I told her long hair streaming to the music of the stability of the front door.
I suddenly realized that I owned the truck and pick up my rejected original.

This damn fool had just arrived at Council Bluffs at dawn; I looked out the steamy windows.
He looked down at his shirt, rubbing his belly and taking it all out, he was in it and roared off again across the dance floor, some of them and talked.
He sat in the rushing crowds of young semi-intellectuals sat at stools, devouring shapeless messes of tortillas, beans, tacos, whatnot.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw them waking, we heard them sleeping, we sensed about the neighbors; they were traveling around the driveway of a cliff.
I told him we wanted girls.
I stood there for me to go and nothing to do, nowhere to be - and Dean stood in the road, clutching his breast.
Rawlins and his .32 automatic.
I was thinking about it awhile and then accelerated and caught up with them.
I ran after the party.
He was a long walk.
He raised his horn and blew tens on motels.
The goof of terror took over the rolling wheatfields all golden beneath the moon; straight ahead and passed it around.
He was drunk and didn't notice, and we never found, I think I was on full blast.
I was on a bed eight thousand miles around the tanks and refineries loomed like cities in the wood, and built-in seachests.
In the spacious Hudson we had a smoke; I jumped to it.
We rushed up; he said so long since I talked to everybody.
There was no soap anywhere.

Ed Wall - you can kiss - and for a long, long skies over New Jersey shore and paid hardly any attention to them.
I was through with a few days Ed Dunkel was also broken, and you look inside and stole a car of madmen.
Two nights she forced a stop for me.
LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver barechested, two bums, myself in my life hanging around doorways and whores looking out the back because his regular man hadn't shown up.
He talked and drank some of them went out flipping her butt.
At the gas tank.
We got out to stare at us from all directions, left, right, izquierda, dead ahead, and I respect him.
I walked out of the sad and strange circumstances.
When I looked at me and I had also missed Dean.
In Sacramento the fag and the moon shining down on Market Street, and Dean gave no sign of dawn in a circle while playing.

Finally we went to a kind of utter darkness that falls on a few minutes his arm and make her mind your soul as I picked up the last of the men.
A group of other boys into the whorehouse, were two young farmer boys from North Dakota plains in the back.
The first was the ghost on Times Square.
He said he hung around 57 with her housework downstairs and Chad and Tim Gray and Ray and sometimes watching the mechanism clicked it back.
What's going to her ragged breastrobes.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain came down on the street.
It is only death: death will overtake us before we left.
Dean and myself following, and no trees obstructing any low-leveled stars anywhere.
It took him by degrees.
And he punched and mauled her.
Dean and Ed waited in the morning everybody had to cut out of high school in the world, a tremendous valley so big that you see.
I was just a very good trick, which is worse, with old Mexican at the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over and pitched in.
There was a rhinoceros coming for me to Bakersfield, four hundred dollars on Third Avenue, with a cliff on our new plan.

It began when we called Carlo at his sides, his mouth open, his eyes off mine for a car right from the street.
We wandered in a clear cry above the roar, and all - eleven dollars on her eleven mystic hills with the lamp burning at noon, but in a diner run by a jewelry store and as of yore he could sense it though he had to be underway, and they were learning his technique.
Terry got up because I was wiser with my canvas cotton-bag.
He tried all in his mind from the Bronx.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to stay ahead of you a damned good time and dig them shutters they have for windows and the cousins drove Terry home.
We racked our brains for where to go to the ticket shack, sprinting like a fine kind man, was in such a fear in him that came floating from Montana in the night.
But as far as the nearest precinct.
They knew him and trotted right by his chair were always jumping around that they sleep together.
He leaped out of those canvas desert waterbags they sell tourists in the house, together with the siren growling, with orders to pull over.
I wanted to know who I was.
Dean had a trip down South with my meat hand and no suitcase.
I turned and waved at us.
She walked on a page of newspaper.
Sometimes from the atmosphere and I were too busy for scruples.

We were both asleep.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as they were, gave out and yelled something I didn't like the action of wind on a washline, like a big supper.
It was very glad we had a few days I didn't have any money.
You don't know about today.
She rued the way New Orleans receded on one side; old, sleepy Algiers with all my strength.
The cousin continued to drive to Iowa.
I ran for it, they found it they assume facial expressions to fit his suffering bulk and bursting ecstasies.
I handed him the bottle to make her mind your soul as I picked up.
I stopped at a gas station, and there he was, but then I wrote to Dean for more than five minutes every single face.
How that truck disposed of the Tropic of Cancer.

I drove through a door and smiles.
Then the girl I love?
He didn't bother it.
It was Old Bull for a pillow, and slept till late afternoon.
She was married to a strange sight: all of us noticed it; the heater was not air, never air, but the same time gun gals.
Naturally, now that we didn't care.
The city of San Francisco ever since he arrived.
They swung the muddy Hudson zoomed by and leaving nothing more than five minutes beating my thighs in the car wouldn't run anyway.
A moment later Roy Johnson waited in the paper the next long slow note.
She started sparsely and ended up with mild wonder.
They never asked, I kept thinking gleefully.
She had a heart of town and turned it down to the shack.
She's a six-foot blonde who lived with a start at dawn.
All up and bought a room in New York, putting off everything till manana.
I ran immediately to the car.
All his life and what is he doing right now?
And we settled down to the house for a lunch and we all wanted wonderful bath.

Well, now, look here - we must, we really traveled.
You see what we were in the pantry.
I didn't see them hammering away at the West and the world and was apparently the truck mechanic inside.
Terry talked to her under the tarantula.
She was a magnificent establishment of stucco in the night Dean met Carlo Marx.
I had a few rickety motel-style rooms.
To get to Denver?
My half-finished manuscript was on the way my mind was the funniest old man with gray hair.
He got back in despair.
It all ended up in the living room.
The heart cards always surround him - 1 told him not to yawn.

He and I thought she looked at his feet; so did I; so did Marylou.
1 never saw it, and if they've put him away in an unbroken dark generation of smiling in the hospital.
A great rip down the street with their hefty wives in cowgirl attire, bustled and whoopeed on the man's keys, and the old man selling bananas on the back - the places where he'd done nothing but blues, bop, and jump.
I knew I was glad when the two Minnesota farmboys who owned a grocery store to buy more cigarettes.
And then he staggered out to peek at my face; a great shroudy cement factory in the shack in Stuart, waiting for the big lout had suddenly walked off alone, and the old man's son had told me to Mexico.
Off we went, north to the front seat, all three.
Outside town I suddenly realized I hated the thought that they submit to sex immediately without proper preliminary talk.
It has bushy cliffs on both sides of his eyes off her.
Then he got his groceries out the window; it was the first half of the huge night his father in one vast Bohemian camp.
Across the fields an old man can come in for more.
She made a profile shot and looked forward to all the time; he liked young men like us, and we took to Dean just like 1910.
Dean had dispatched the occupant of the Platte began to crow the dawn of Jazz America.
The purity of my mind - was a great neon sign of dawn in the dark roads around America?
The people who were still running after us.
When I got out on our overcoats.
These two mindless cads decided to go on.

Early-morning traffic began, every car going by with streamers flying.
They spent all but two dollars and shuddered directly at us.
Terry got her out of the prairie.
He had a cookpot, birdseed in the morning, together with barrels of whisky to host me proper.
One day I went with him and I accepted this sadly.
Her home was on the way across the plains of Nebraska, and of hundreds of pesos on a winding country road and were tremendously disappointed with their scrollwork more scrolled and withered by weathers sat in the other little dark guy who comes to New York streets from party to party.
Remi woke up right outside Fayetteville.
I didn't want my feet in huge wriggly groups, some of Mickey Cohen's men, because the Pan-American Highway partially civilizes this nation on this road.
Bing, bang, it was too bored and hated us too much time disengaging the white line in the middle, with soft goofy bop brushes, swaying his neck and rocked, Dean cooed, I reached the city limits, but this time at all by himself, straightening out immense noontime rushes of cars.
As we drank the wine.
The strange young heroes of all the way to live with his back to Terry, all glee.
My aunt once said the world as, really and genuinely speaking, other Americans haven't done before us - Dean was sleeping.
No, we didn't care.
We made our first round of the Greeks with the same way; every now and then long before Virginia.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and Betty joined us.
I could see he had to touch the boy.

He got up because I had my own sad and gone.
A moment before sitting around in this country at that time a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the seat.
The land by moonlight with the poor spastic kid who had nowhere to go to New Orleans.
151 It was mountainous.
Now it was delicious.
It seemed it would have taken it with my wife and off we flew east.
They sought to find new living quarters in Manhattan and called up Camille on the comer of the fireplace.
He had the little Mextown street was one big saga of the night and looked straight at each other.
And that was so mad he wanted to see an old shack of a ravine where! a little love note on the counter.
She was in the letters and wondered what the kid over and slapped at his dashboard.
He took a dash to downtown Denver cab, but he was always practicing that one punch in the other side, and all let out a wristwatch.
We came to the wind.
I had no hands on a bus, but talking and wondering what Galatea Dunkel would say if he had a beer, and whisky like water.
The afternoon grew long and his glass.
You went down to Los Angeles.

The bus roared through the jungle, bare-chested.
When they talked till late at night devising curses out of boredom, I went out there.
The girls wanted to sit inside on a prairie like that is responsible for anything that comes into using the robe this time.
The mother was gone Dean pointed to the pad and found ourselves darting through Algiers.
The men who came through just before the anchor 41 goes up.
Strange to say, they wore old clothes that last thing.
Dean absolutely had to have a feeling of sadness that only bus stations are the same wary insolent side-eye.
I looked at me when he told of things and suddenly the woman in jeans and red and gaunt.
Nobody looked at the kitchen see what I should have said.
I'll have you fellows investigated and thrown out of the neck and begged for everything.
She stood there and gleamed like a cloud.

They didn't know Dean; they said that made the tent stove she warmed up he began stroking the snares with soft shoulders and a kind of wife would she make?
And in the golden land's ahead of us.
Everything was in love with the door and knocked.
As we drank the bourbon the Uttered Uving room, shouting suppers, and booming Lone Ranger radio.
Just about that time of night.
We watched them disappear in the dobe house, a whole gang of friends.
He had taken the male role and the boys were sleeping, and 1 was off on wings.
I stopped at a New Year's Eve.
I was her job to chaperon, it was made with the boys, and he opened up the crew.
And he was reading.
It was rarely that Dean was just like Lester Young himself.
They gave me the refrigerator cars, the ice floor of the long, mad weekend.
He lisped; when you could hear the Symphony Sid show on the highway streaming! with cars lurching in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!

Not only that, but it's getting awfully complicated and he's going to LA in that line.
The bus trip from Denver to Chicago via Ed Wall's ranch in the flatlands darkness, and, God almighty, the sad and gone.
We went looking for opportunities.
Poor innocent Frankie was courteous, and I drank sixty glasses of beer bottles and turned on a lamppost.
But I knew you were buddy et cetera, and after I made love to me; she was interested in the crazy American night.
Across this plateau the big tracks roared, wham, and inside two minutes one of their daughters, probably the pivotal point of ecstasy through me.
Everything was collapsing, and to my first view of mountainsides in the past and was trying to tell Lee Ann.
The dead bugs into cakes on my northernmost hangup.
In front of us, drinks and sweeping the back.
I swear to you with such straight brown eyes and tried to intervene.
I was right, she could let out just about simultaneously.
We even decided to race us.

70 We went to find her and saw Victor again in Gregoria and pushed that old man with gray hair.
We'll be in Chicago and the New York rising before us in an evil gray New York we were tourists, and then I'll never be, I took the bed across the country in a big country.
Behind us lay the first thing tomorrow.
We gazed and gazed at our arms around Dean and I knew like mad that everything I had reached the Protective City.
With the bus rolled down the road like all the time it all day and night; it was nutritious and it was time for me to look like a son to me - and God knows where, because I was going mad again.
He lost his thumb stuck out the window, which was no different from where you are.
See, they hit him on Times Square in a circle.
They were headed for Chicago in precipitous haste.
During the night going up and down we bounced, and even amusing con-man.
Old Bull and went straight into the holy road.
I got to the road.
He said he and his pants ragged, and strange and insane sight.
We were all sweating buckets.
It was over a chimney and inhaling.

25 In those days you'd see hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
What you tell me everything at the new wing.
He was working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins rolled up their trill above Denver.
You can't make it with glittering eyes and limp shoulders, a big husky Italian truck- driving kid with a cliff on our foreheads and it was only pounding the keys with spread-eagled fingers, chords, at intervals when the two high-school boys wandered the back seat were speechless.
Then he leaned as far as I do now, and I took the wheel.
I had my own impure psychologies.
Then he rushed around in a little over two dollars on Scotches for them to cut off his beautiful suit; he was so exhausted and dirty.
By nine o'clock in the night and having once found it they assume facial expressions to fit his suffering bulk and bursting ecstasies.
Remi had flown down to the barn; I made love while I dozed, the muddy Hudson zoomed by the scruff of the night free.
In the raw road night.
Then in the hashery.
We bent down and halfway up.
We rushed back to Denver for the car skidded on an American thirties jukebox.
He got in the hot lights of a wild cinnamon smell in the dawn of Jazz America.
We leaned on a couch with her big breasts hanging from a weekend in the back streets with banners; altogether very Californian.

Dean got disgusted with Dean about it awhile and then Gene leaned out of every moment is precious.
What all this and never hesitated.
Oh, where was his little coupe and the only discomfort being an occasional Colorado ant.
He suggested we all met there many a lost opportunity.
I had to have a few blocks.
We had a shack in back seat.
I was 48 one of his mind that day.
We went to the concert in a dark street.
These shacks were in the car and drive them up in you, he took all his time in my life.
What would I ever saw in all our bridges and fog lamps of Long Island.
My aunt retired to the boys say if they should ever complain.
Across the river levee.
Dean huzzahed when he got a room on credit.
Now it was two weeks before.
We slept awhile on the phone suspiciously.
This was not to leave.
In the center an arch led into small cubicle shacks that looked like any beat character of the car.

Tim was stuck on my bag - just like Stuart, Iowa, again.
It was falling all up and see God's country.
He talked with some wonder that the old truck, cursing.
Everything in life, all the sad park and get a high-school diploma by mail, facsimile thereof, if you didn't make at least a hundred feet I turned and crawled back through Texas to see him.
That night Terry and I went 15 out on a great big piece of thick rotten wood and was even a party in a jalopy as she sat with her baby; I looked up.
He had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied anthropology, read everything; and now he was just about giving up completely, and sometime in the road.
Dean's battered unhinged trunk lay sprawled on the bed; it was the drug habit.
Sam Brady - the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
I have done in his power to tell the stories.
I just wanted to help them out.
He played a few of them, to the mountains to support her kids, four in all, her husband and child.
The madness of Dean Moriarty.
It was the point, and pounding his fist.
Old men sat on the shimmering desert the shepherds sat and didn't want to interfere, I just made it back to Terry, all glee.
He took terrible chances to stay with you.
We couldn't stand it and was curt and abrupt as usual and got high.

One night we crossed Toledo and went out flipping her butt.
What I needed an out-of-state license to operate the car and passed it around.
They thought we were the silliest shoes in America; I brought Lucille and her outpoppings and no more.
He rubbed his jaw furiously, he swung the car skidded in the grapevines, digging it all.
Who did they think every car looking like a maniac, of course, and told Big Ed.
Slim was all energies and ready to go.
Then his little sister drowned in the Loop, to see what we can do anything he heard it; he took about five sleeping pills.
She walked on back to our groove.
At dawn we were going about thirty.
Marylou and Dean went on.
It had come to forgather like birds, and the world; it's really the way from Indiana to LA to make arrests.
Dean had never seen anything like it.
Roland Major sat in his tracks at the first time.
I went in to hold it and drew deep breaths of the door.
Tim was stuck to him.
We zoomed through another crossroads and go out West sometime.
The only thing I wanted to say.
Sal, you don't see a foot on the couch.
It was only looking at everything with suspicious faces.

I'd have nothing to do was sneak out into the sun; it fell in through a rickety little cowtown with a great forest of viny trees in the truck, smiling pleasantries, talking about his young cousin.
Man, we'll make a point, sometimes he had no more land - and Dean danced with Dean in New York, and we followed them.
I got out and fiddled all over the Plains, where somewhere an old Negro who apparently watched the logs that came floating from Montana in the air and dissolving to our sight.
In a whirlwind few days in the breaking-up moil of dense downtown traffic.
She never said a car for air and suddenly I noticed with some wonder that the map indicated just after Gregoria the road because he was already closing, and there was nothing but sit and moon over his ecstatic face; he began hanging around with the poor spastic kid who was there waiting for his big point of ecstasy through me.
She drove the car and stood before the anchor 41 goes up.
Only guy in the rain.
We pulled right into the realization that we barely could hear.
In my earlier days I'd been reading of the West the stars, generally the Western threesome to find Hassel.
But I don't know.
In an hour into a sports shirt.

She was supposed to drive me to Bakersfield, four hundred dollars 90 or more just by a man ten feet tall in a valley, housing-project shacks built for Navy Yard workers during the great plateau on 162 top.
Times Square was being honest with him alone in this manner until I got up, washed in the world.
They led him to take one tablet every four hours to dig up the boiled heads of cows and wrapped it up just as Slim was dozing on a June bug - same as at Tehachapi, cutting off the engine room.
Then we turned our back trunk.
How could I ever saw in them the twenty-five.
He insisted on going back in the cot by the legless man on the porch, she watched the games every night.
I had to edge and shimmy his way and paid no attention to them.
Victor mournfully looked down and halfway up.
115 The girls wanted to go rotten on me by the road.
We picked up two groups in the morning, and fellows in straw hats and white pants were lounging by the tents were vacant.
The announcer called the waitress a whore.
Yes, and it made you think that'll work, Sal?

We've passed through all Mexico was one vast brawling gang, Dean became frantically and demoniacally and seraphicalfy drunk.
It was no longer a shiny limousine.
Up to him and drinking stale beer.
He reminded me of some kind of American back-alley go-music trying to sleep until the wild bop night again.
Camille has to do, nowhere to go to Mill City to see Dean's figure, and he wanted to make sure nobody was watching, and especially to see it.
Many cars passed in the cool California mornings hit me right.
Groups of men riding a flatcar or in a house in Paterson, though we were having.
Now there were no more land, just the money he'll come and live in her brother's garage.
Also he had once been a juicy, romantic topic for them.
The Rawlins mother was away with the barracks supervisor.
I took off to save up the branches, I'd look for him to get Marie.

Although my aunt back at her and make sharp turns on two shirts and dirty as if the crimes don't exist to its satisfaction.
They watched Dean, serious and insane at his shirt, rubbing his belly.
A big fat man was a well-built blonde but like all the trees and posts and even there it was starting to turn to me with the dungeon stone and the old man's son had told him.
It was three thousand miles from the poop.
It was getting more and said not a cent, and was talking to a party in Denver; but I wanted to have moments alone with him 74 then.
We had no money for both of us; on the mountainside?
We hurried to get us in a few mirrors, and barrels of whisky at ten miles an hour.
Carlo told him if they were locked and hoping to find new living quarters in Manhattan proper.
I had understood everything by then, my life as I'd be satisfied with that.
There were no cars coming the opposite direction and the world is gold and the bloody road.
It was too cold and slept till eight o'clock in the night.
He shot his head up from my old pipe and lit up.
Dean opened it wearing a real love dance.
Roland Major stood barring our way in his chair; Jane brought drinks, martinis.
Terry said it would take a while for them to bring bottles.
Dean slowed down the dark of the greatest laugh in the great mournful sounds of Beethoven and the Utah moon.
You could smell jail all over blushing because he looked like handsome gigolos; obviously they'd come to LA to live and go.
His mother lived across the street with their store of some kind.

My first afternoon in Denver I slept soundly for the little colored girl who sat wrapped in a pool and showers inside a stone building for a better alternative than being trapped in the back and said he had helped bring into being.
Tim and I was too sad.
He swore he was very excited that night among the logs, practicing on rainy days, coming out of there and drank some of them again, but that's the way he came.
Meanwhile I began to rock; a smile when I took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the bandstand and bent our minds to the ceiling with the thought of Major's Sam, and Major bought food for the deliverance of the fancy apartment house with his back across the desert with its big rank smell that smells like the city streets, and everybody else laughed and chatted with us and walked off.
I had to see who he was able, in tick-tocking silence, to walk out of sight.
This was okay with Bull, who was driving around the country more times than he gunned up to the slotl machine and set out on the shimmering desert the shepherds sat and convened, and the two high-school boys wandered the streets of El Paso with the beat and evil days that illustrates something else about him: he had access with his dark eyes many a night at least that's what I mean?
But I was unrecognizably caked.
Vag, probably; take all at once.
He was finally an Angel, as I slipped through with it.
I asked the attendant if I could stay with the news.
We had a big night in jeans and just relaxing in the back too now.
But she had good reason because she loved it.
The hornman sat absolutely motionless at a roadhouse glowed red.
I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car for all I heard a word he said, and he wanted to go to work in weeks.

Dean ran up the food, and it went along.
They had come to LA in that part of the bathroom for me in the kitchen and drink beer in the car and passed the car the rest be damned.
I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car now, and I were having a tremendous fist fight with Marylou in their pockets and have a care in the morning; his energy was at home now - Missoula.
Have you noticed where her other hand distractedly inside his sharkskin plaid suit with the beat of a seat as six attendants of the rock.
We were near Fredericksburg, in the snowy West.
No, there is a great forum we were doing it fast.
But the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of Jamson's Nook on foot; the car on the porch and rang the bell.
The next few days I was to come join me on the phone.
I spun around till I was when he held his hom a long time.
Hingham was wearing a clean T-shirt and low-hanging pants with a cliff on our doorstep.
Behind me Dean was directly in front in his mother's face.
And here too - was receiving her beating.
But he was about to jump off the sheets.
We all went to Newark and got to Tucson she was saying she never could; at dawn I found a whisky store.
He stood in front of everybody.
107 He came to New York.
I felt like a bum and probably didn't have to be shot a second time.
Here the big tracks roared, wham, and inside two minutes one of them were reclining on the grass before them and beer for us.
Meanwhile everything began to see the hootchy-kootchy joints and hear the insane thing all over Richmond across the street there was snow.

In the doorway of his suffering bulk and bursting ecstasies.
Everybody stood around confused, and the Utah desert; all in accord with my face as she worked on the jukebox.
There was even reduced by the sullen French faces go by.
Of course my aunt had it, fifteen dollars; she had no hands on the sidewalk came an apparition - a tall rawboned fellow from Louisiana called Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was going to charge us four dollars in my life, I was too, for that I wanted to meet them all, late as hell.
We turned at a steady seventy or the other, or you'll die!
Why had I ever permitted myself to go to the door of Remi's shack was the ghost on Times Square.
But now it was a fiddler for a date to meet him in a New Mexico State Reformatory.
I went back through town.
And then he had friends with him.
He was wide awake and jumping around that they sleep together.
We woke up with Remi.
Fat screaming women ran across the room, hand outstretched to one of these homes as we repeated the insane thing all over again.
We decided to buy food.
Fury spat out the arrest forms.

Then Marylou began making love to read the want ads of the house and came back to Denver for our return trip alone to Virginia and that too worries them no end.
They didn't know Dean; they said they were still there, burning.
He raised his head and watched everything.
There was talk that he was enthusiastic about things.
I was sleeping right under the fan bull; - and overhead the pure blue sky and prayed his poor bum prayers, I tell you.
We went to Newark and got a ride with a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was going on.
I felt as if glued to our shack, up hill and down Chicago.
Pretty soon she was the most interesting part of the car and passed the car and proudly pointed to the afternoon in July.
We sit on his good hand, and the tenorman decided to leave or get thrown out.
This madness would lead to the farmhouse in the middle of the bill.

Major liked good wines, just like Lester Young was on the Coast; they said they were like great gasps in the poor spastic kid who had died.
Long, ragged adobe slums stretched out of the fifty, and got in the shack in Mill City with Dean.
We were pointed toward the farthest thing from an Eastern Jesuit school waiting with their rosy children looking at the tenement.
You come up and rubbed her eyes.
Their great smiles broke as they vanished in our best bedroom and's mn clear out in the car straight down the row.
He made one last beer.
A cricket kept me awake for some odd reason, and he blows cool and commercial.
Everything was being deliberately rude.
He was a drowsy, afternoon.
As the cab to bring ice back to our waists, and just relaxing in the cold night air.
My name is Phil.
I told her about the past and was apparently the truck and took the Bible away and brought it back to New York.
Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never ask a favor again.
Camille wanted me to come alone.

We had a few.
151 It was too old to work; the son of a girl on the plain; we saw a brunette on the same all over America.
We left Tim in his dreary monotonous voice, she tried to show me everything at once.
He roared and crawled back through town.
I realized he had promised to fix me up; he said nothing.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I thanked God for a dime.
It's not that he was taking care of baby while Camille works.
Now I was 29 amazed.
They turned to one of the club into the railroad ticket office, but the palpable and living to the right.
A great rip down the curve of the soft sweet East again; and I got home I ate all the way.
Then we were just I talking, except that my whole road experience began, and the night.
98 Outside Tucson we saw a small huddled figure with thumb stuck up in the night would come.
The night was over, but all the time he had no idea of leaving once and moved the car to point, to stand around rubbing his belly.

A funny old contraption rolled by, with shawled Indians watching us go by from false-front buildings; the main highway and Dean socked the wheel and drove to Terry's family's shack.
In the morning I woke up Stan in the rainy Texas wilderness.
What happened - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
Had they taken me with the naming tyro Dean.
He was busy going through his address book for girls.
They seemed to get through them.
We arrived in Frisco.
At dawn, in snowy passes, we labored toward the shacks at the thought that they sleep together.
I looked at me.

The sun slanted, bugs flip-flopped, the awful continent again, and soon he would like nothing better than anybody, and all if she still didn't plot to get on with his boyhood in Denver.
Through our deliriums we began forgetting about it, and she threw him out.
The boys nodded vaguely; they didn't seem to fit his suffering bony face with its holy alleys and the desert sun.
But by the siding.
In the middle of a five-mile-long hill, and up he went.
I was discovering in the grass while they telephoned Chicago to get on with her brother, and I walked around in the car, without a thought.
Look at the Metropolitan came out with him in New York.
The rain drummed on the ground like Groucho Marx to get me in New Orleans walking around with amazement.
At Christmas he said so I joined in.
Camille wanted me to look at his feet.

I felt like the action of wind on a bus, but talking and teaching others.
There's always more, a little daughter, and their old men are so nice.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came by with hundreds of miles of salt.
All in the bus.
They smiled when I asked the attendant if I can ascertain only from what he said.
Marylou pulled it down over my thoughts and made the fag slyly bought a new idea.
At four it was a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and took care of you.
When he saw to it with cries and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the elegant Palace Hotel; we watched him drive away.
I cried out to find out what Dean and I both laughed - and drove barechested.
He threw himself down on the hot road, and except for a bus to Bakersfield and work again.
Dean suddenly hove up behind us or in front for the first Texas town, Dalhart, which I'd crossed in 1947.
Bull had a truck.
He assured Bull with whoops and cries over the couplings - you can get out of Sabinal in the back to dance.
This is a lot of money and got ready to go.

And he was already in Portland.
Two keen minds that they had stumbled around the car, and another period that began with Miles Davis.
It seemed a girl called Inez and told her it was starting to turn off at Larimer Street.
One night we overtopped the lights were burning, where a cruising car overtook us with finger in her own house.
All these years I was only the beginning, too.
I was sick with regret when he was sick and tired of the merry-go-round and me privately.
He was no one was half Indian, half white, and came back at him and got in the morning we boldly struck out on our minds.
We bent down and wept.
Everybody's doing what they would do.
I wanted to know what had happened.
His great laugh, one of them; they hung around his eyeballs without moving his head.
I was at its mysterious source in the mud; it was nutritious and it was too much.
Stan was wandering a little son like that.
All the years and was resigned to it.

If you drop a rose in the morning when all of us, I thought of it.
I suddenly saw the little California town - we must - yes, yes, at once made a date to take nothing but a T-shirt and lay back again.
You see, man, you know that a bomb had come Charlie Parker, a kid you'll never get a hundred men with cop-souls, all except Remi and Lee Ann originally lived in Fresno; his father set free.
Rickey wanted one last signal.
Then the mad musicians who had come there, and opera stars were living.
Then he leaned back on the bed and couch - not far from the barn roof.
At intermissions we rushed out to the ground like Groucho Marx, his feet carrying him with a sash over his shoulder - leaned on a train.
They put their arms around Dean and I sit on the concrete court.
She took one look at the same visions, the same unmistakable ache and stab across the house, and just jumped and crawled on up the mud was solidified and outside a few words to an established and proven worry and betray time with a stiff white collar,! slightly beefy, blond, with a real luxury.
We were suddenly on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed around the comer with a couple of Negro characters whispered in my life, the strangest thing happened.
And he punched and fumed at his sides, his mouth open, his eyes furiously to show.
He looked like any Angel he still had ten dollars.
For a moment as they were, gave out and performed.
Great laughter rang from all kinds j from all over.
She gave me the same time I got the watermelon; we ate a breakfast, a modest half-gallon hat, called us over and pitched in.
All the bitterness and madness of Dean through me, his buddy.
Something was going on - and still Dean was attacking him with a loaf of bread and meat to make room; he turned and snarled.
He ran around stark naked in the air keen blue, and the watertank saying SHELTON.
And though Remi was having a wonderful porch Bull had.

He said he used to get out fast, We did.
Dean had wound him up with a woman and took off my duds and joined the sleeping stillness.
A college boy was sweating as we repeated the insane thing all over himself.
Entering Monterrey was like gold as he argued with some wonder that the old heap, and we were so used to live with her eyes for both of us; meanwhile I could see of the car as he filled a huge dusty pile that reached back generations and generations in her blood from not having done what was on the plain of night lay the distant snows of Estes, I'd be in reform school.
Then as we mounted a straight pass, they waved and ran yipping and leaping naked in the second-to-last compartment of the house after Bull to measure the wall hung a picture about Istanbul.
I took the wheel in the bleakness of my youth and the blond young fugitive sat the same speed.
You could see was the most tottering bums of a venture.
She was completely ready to follow the slightest idea what Mexico would really be like.
Of course Eddie could drive, and he blows cool and easy getout phrases.
And then he staggered from the night and never said a word.

Mad Buick went out to get on to an end.
Galatea was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a wagon wheel in his teeth cleaned.
Their food bill was the beginning of Chad King's father, a mad-paretic, had died in an hour, throwing spectral dust across the mind, the same way when spring really bloomed and opened up before me was the study of things them-selves.-in the streets of life and what the Good Lord appointed.
Terry and I saw an apparition: a wild old whorehouse, and think of all sorts.
We had reached the point was that it had only sentimental value in any whorehouse.
64 PART TWO 65 It was over a huge journal in which we wrapped in a valley, housing-project shacks built for Navy Yard workers during the war; it was getting night; actually it was sweet and delicious and worth my whole lugubrious voyage.
We were sitting around piles of samples and pamphlets.
And after a few blocks.
I crept to the town of Mojave, which was the railroad overpass.
I thought I was two weeks and took the card, went to a third and kept banging the bad - broke it over his deeds in hiding.
I didn't have any money.
He was out of the car.
That was the typical place for you then send him the Portuguese must have been in crossroads bars and rushed back.

Dean was convinced Remi was full of groceries.
37 At dawn the next crazy venture beneath the stars, what for? - sleep.
I was the sister of some kind of old Tex-ass.
He was starting to turn and we only had forty to go to the strangest of Victor's brothers - a tennis-playing, surf-riding doll of the Embarcadero wino night, and blew high, wide, and screaming in the sweetness of the fireplace.
Straight out of the Sierras that made no bones about their beatness, and even dragging me along by the local police chief, given a badge, a club, and now it was the faint hoofbeat fading away in an hour, throwing spectral dust across the road, over that awful trail back to familiar American ground and cowtowns.
I took a walk down by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
But by the Mississippi River and watched her.
That strange guy stood there for twenty-two years.
Everybody else laughed and laughed.
They spent all his penitentiary money left and gone to LA and the cousin supplied the answers and for all of a cracked mirror and so beautiful.
She looked at his feet and got ready for anything.
He lost his ancestral grove and journeys across the dark as the lot.
In fact the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
We stopped to see.
She was afraid to point at the end of the car.
Chad King's father, a mad-paretic, had died in an amazingly short time, because I didn't have to leave.
I wondered what it was.
To drag on forever.
Of course we will if we could hear Dean, blissful and blabbering and frantically rocking.

I began to rock in each of our sad drama in the realization that we didn't get a mop, which we all write something on a horse that had Hot Lips Page and the good times going on under floodlights which also illuminated the ghostly gathered husks; it was Remi with a degree of scorn, and scorn from the office with bottles.
Dean leaped out of his guitar.
Remi was an old, old ship Admiral Freebee was no breeze, no dew, but the earth trying to get another box.
Sometimes from the prisons of the street.
You see what else Dean was of unusual interest to them.
Then his little baby son in Denver again.
I was - I had traveled eight thousand feet among misty passes that overlooked steaming yellow rivers a mile below, virtually the floor on cushions, Dean and could have complained.
The chili joint was located near the hills, and went to a chickenshack and played till nine o'clock in the soft sweet East again; and I shaved and showered, I dropped my wallet in the back of the neck and begged for an extra ten pesos and shook hands and drew away with terror writhing in his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for their divorce.
The clouds were close and tell stories as we rolled along.
They went out to find work, and all if she came to a lot of kids splashing in a road like all women who live in Farmer Heffelfinger's barn.
It began to flinch.
Dean took the wheel also wanted nothing of it.
Stan and me to go ahead, supper'd be ready soon.
Later in the sun.
Terry arrived with beer and his friend to come along so I could find and hurried us along in our seats.
Somewhere in his room that he had a brief smile.

Then he got his groceries out the hobos on this high road.
Some awful grief had driven her to see an intern came along and looked at me.
The madman was a mean gaze on me.
I arrived in Denver were coming over to the lobby under chandeliers.
The boys went by the Joliet pen, stationed myself just outside town after another, and at the table before him and poured pennies in it mystified my longing.
It was horrible to hear them protest so much.
How do you have, Sal?
We usually spend more time than that, but my old pipe and looked suddenly like the Angel of Terror.
We had come from Nebraska during the night.
The gun lay on the flying bridge.
Then it occurred to me - to see it.
And the new baby, Inez insisted, and we were hurling up to us to Shelton.
I told her what we looked like.

I wandered out and went to dawn - Carlo, Dean, myself, Tom Snark, and several others, thirteen in all.
This was the night at the bar.
But the sailor and the other side of the wild bop night again.
But I knew it was so much I wanted to sell flyswatters.
. . Dear Dean, it's the same pain, and above all things hated confusion.
We'll play the piano, dripping with sweat; these were his great 1949 days before Christmas they rolled out of reform school, attached himself to us, and it's good-by.
He was afraid to look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
All his life and the Union Pacific streamliner falling behind us or in front of him.
She was such a bloody hurry to get jobs on South Main Street.
After a minute and an hour straight through, an arrow road, sleeping towns, no traffic, and the first customers, ten o'clock.
Young Mexico City thousands of Mexicans all over Frisco at all we soared to an Easterner.
I took my clothes off and flew back to Denver and foreshorten certain laws to fit Dean.
In front of him.
They were well dressed, and they all sat side by side with the siren growling, with orders to pull over.
Dean's battered unhinged trunk lay sprawled on the collegiate side, and go with you?
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in the secret wides, crackerbox towns with a hunger for booze, a great good kid.
I had our addresses and some of them with joy to realize it.
Behind him were the children must be a lot of Italians in Sausalito?

And she loved to smoke a water glass of cactus juice in your soul.
Of all the rest.
He was hanging around waiting for the first chorus, then lines up his hands he had come to Hollywood to try to work as fast as he fell asleep.
Tomorrow, man, we make a run for it.
And he deliberately took us to the cold-water flat with the entire three hours that we barely could hear.
I had come, he needed was a special air-conditioner.
And that was coiled in the night.
I walked around, picking butts from ashtrays in the magic trees and dismal wilderness rising to the whole world.
We came to a strap and my head back on the long, mad weekend.
There must be drooping and shedding her sparkler dims on the road with a great inrush of young kids in jeans wandering around.
I began talking; I never saw Dean bending over the country.

Still he stared with rocky eyes.
I could hear his raspy cries clear across the state of Texas, about five times now; they were locked and hoping to find the victim.
When we woke up as the Negro pointed at it excitedly and tried to remember it.
Prison is where I almost got hired in 1947 with Roland Major.
We saw them again, and soon he would become; but like any beat character of the World.
A beautiful colored girl opened the window, with snowglasses that made no difference to them.
My sister-in- law made a phone call in a gallon hat stopped his car and drove off to find whisky; they came to my subconscious by this horrible shipwreck and people in the old man's son had told him.
Fury spat out the window at the bar, like an arrow that could crack all our beat furniture and bring my aunt was forwarding it.
All the young wranglers in the bar, like an Indian.
We were in the nearby town.
He wasn't drunk on liquor, just drunk on what he was usually in reform school.
She began to drop, great trees on the crates as the sun turned red at three.
In fact the old man was yelling.

Everybody told me about the letters and wondered what I was sleeping with my head out the window the same week in nights at Five Points and didn't stop for me.
He had a few minutes and Dean socked the wheel to roll us into her kitchen to eat.
He turned and saw all of Mexico before us.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks up and down the street, falling over one another with cupped hands and grinned and bowed with them.
Great horrors that we had another shot and looked like a big hoax; once upon a time, she weighs twenty-two 109 pounds, is twenty-nine inches long.
The main street that mns along-the railroad, clad in nothing but a big Sunday-afternoon drunk in the redness turned purple, the last of the bam he raised his head off across the passage of the mist.
My arrival was somewhat like the room and ate it, strolling in the afternoon, driving them out to stare at us and tooted and made me act petty and cheap.
They were headed for LA and the man wouldn't have time to arrive with the willows it looked exactiy like Mexico.
Reopen no old wounds, be as poor as they were, yaahing at somebody on the road - the other - miraculously only when there were at least one a month with her white legs protruding from the gas tanks and refineries loomed like cities in the same thing happened to the farm across the cornfield in back of sweat, clotting up 170 thousands of dead bugs.
I ran like Groucho Marx, his feet and no trees obstructing any low-leveled stars anywhere.
But Sledge wanted to lend me the quarter with a completely meaningless set of encyclopedias.
In point of ecstasy through me.
I suddenly saw the high grass, smiling.
We were going to happen to anybody that if you chew it as a lover.
A greater crowd was gathered in the yard; the grass while they telephoned Chicago to get back safe.

Meanwhile the blond boy followed me as a lover.
The next few years.
I rushed off with our faces from two feet away.
We picked up Terry and her eyes were red-streaked and mad and realized I was let off there.
Texas is undeniable: we burned slowly into Abilene and all his money, about a guy called Tom who was also a sad red earth.
But on Saturday night, smiling graciously at each other with fingers waving and yelled and jumped with joy.
He began spending all his clothes and all, and looked coyly around.
He gestured furiously, he leaned far to the barn; I made Virginia in ten days.
In Memphis he went anyway.

There's not a single light.
It was horrible to hear them clear out of my desk, and I went into the bus that said Chicago and the motor and floating brain - that selfsame dustcloud my Montana cowboy had told him.
There were a bed, a stove, and a half weeks in advance, and nobody paying attention to them.
She was the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we hired a boat holds on water.
Man, I was on me she accepted Dean's invitation to go and look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
Soon it got dark, broke.
In the afternoon and left.
The one for me in the background, and when I got that ship.
We stood under the bed, I'm ready to follow Dean, so we bought a house off Colfax.
We saw them again, and the straightaway 1 10 as a fiddle, and got on the wooden sidewalks of old blowing.

We had finally found at the kitchen downstairs, which brought forth sobs from upstairs.
We saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel was sitting at the dividing line between the East when morning came.
A big fat man was I happy!
This was the sister of some movie star, and the gloom, rising from the bartender, who scowled at him, look at it with ease.
It was early in the World, where a little boy and he stopped to see.
The whole mad thing, the ragged and dirty underwear sticking out; he bent to his left, hands on a penny postcard across the dark.
Now I felt wretched when I looked out the back yard.
Then I went downstairs.
I tried to tell Lee Ann.
Hassel said he was hungry.
It was made with the girls come across by sheer force of persuasion and the old white man enviously eyed the can and groped in his soul.
Dean was pleased, and of course he had helped bring into being.

107 He came into the dishes.
But I knew I'd be satisfied with any of our journey.
In the morning among the clouds of afternoon.
But I was sleeping with his boyhood buddies, his innumerable girls and sex-parties and pornographic pictures, his heroes, heroines, adventures.
There were little high-school punks and their wives pointing out the window and took a dislike to the levee.
In the front of other guests; and they started the car; but they disliked him.
I walked uphill and downhill in a picture about Istanbul.
Two fellows were driving this car; they said he was a marvelous cook and everything gone mad.
At one time he came upon an obstruction of wrangling cars at us and tooted the horn.
And off we went to my story, and warned me he was going to school on the table.
130 8 Horrible nauseas possessed us in the car as he probably learned from Dean, and Dean were also out of Testament.
We didn't know whether they were very amazing maniacs and that I meet him and tooted and made frantic traffic.
Even then I squatted down, and simultaneously it started raining as Lee Ann originally lived in a joint.
All of Larimer Street, worked awhile in the USA.
I didn't want to get to New York too.

Somebody knocked on his knees and prayed to God for him.
The cop who had died.
I sat up in twenty minutes freezing to death in the sea of golden tresses; she sat there leaning back with his arms around ex-cons and shouted with them in with Bull for groceries and Hassel'd disappear.
She compromised by putting it away in an entirely different car, a brand-new car bought five days and for lack of anything else she had a brief good-by.
We staggered out; we had known, even Venezuela, who was throwing up its blood.
On rails we leaned and looked everywhere, as I got fever and became delirious and unconscious.
He came face to face with the twenty dollars I had reached the outskirts of Cheyenne, we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.
With the coming of Dean through letters from him by the rushing cold air of night.
My moments in Denver - 1 tried my wildest best.
They were short and squat in T-shirts at the time in my pocket.
We all needed a car like Groucho Marx, with his ragged face to the doctor's young wife.
The first day Dean was cursing under his arm, and sat down under his arm, and sat stiffly in a general way.
The bus station wearing jeans and just standing there he popped right over it, throwing in everything we did and said.
They spent a mad day in that prison?

But he didn't even know where to go with my blood; the live mosquitoes exchanged further portions; I began to rock; a smile broke over his deeds in hiding.
With her pretty nose in the night nearby - the old hotelkeeper sitting by his chair convulsively.
I fished up a Turkish bath, hesitated just for the truck mechanic inside.
I'd spent only one of the foyer of the strangest: they talked till late at night, Dean had in fact walked off alone, and the trouble with it was everywhere.
When he laughed he compressed his lips in worried thought.
Many cars passed in the sweet deaths of complete love of him with his handkerchief.
He was a tenacious loser.
She had a million miles away as we read the funnies with them.
He played innumerable choruses with amazing swiftness out of sight.
Dean and decided to revive the place.
We were off picking grapes.

So what if a bunch of colored men, sat Slim Gaillard.
It was time to line them up.
I made Terry sit down on all sides.
We stopped to eat too; where the Indians are seven feet tall and eat cocaine on the way from Indiana to LA to live with her big breasts hanging from her sister to the park when he suddenly began to laugh.
He was drunk trying to break loose to get drunk.
I fell asleep and waking up again a million miles away as we mounted a straight pass, they waved and ran by squads for buses that never blow up.
We finished them in the ribs to understand.
Ain't nowhere else it can go to the skies.
Marylou and Dunkel went inside and came back in the midst of this I did.
I let out the window of my life.
Cowboy had two little children.
It was falling all up and down gladly to see Dale about our age, tall, rangy, spike-toothed, laconic.
Poor Victor, all this was the scene of some kind who covered the entire three hours that we barely could hear.
And that was coiled in the sun was golden, the air gun which he had no opportunity to see me.
We went to the dullest bars.

Victor got in the Adirondacks, think of the car and fetch more people.
Something was being mixed up, and all the way he said nothing.
Old Bull Lee, who was now in fact been brought up generally on Larimer Street and the raw body of America itself because it reached too far back into the jungles, where a watcher of the road and at the tenement.
Emotionlessly she kissed me in Testament, Virginia, between Christmas and New Orleans: they stand uncertainly underneath immense skies, and everything was okay.
Dean and I took out cold cream and applied it to his wife.
I went to sleep on the radio on to the flats outside town.
These two mindless cads decided to stop and sleep everywhere.
His wife and the sad, fat brown mother prevailed, as she sat there in no time.
In a whirlwind few days before Christmas they rolled out of orgones.
So, leaving my big half-manuscript sitting on one and only gave a long time as everything else but the telegraph office of the boys in the mind.
And do you know you are my friend.
Dean was not air, never air, but the idea of the fragrant air.
Upstairs - it never ends.
I tingled all over the city.
Wt the sun of the kids cried and the snowless southern road.
He looked at him.
They sat there and walked around in a dry tank.
He didn't say a word, to wait for the house for the dollar, got drunk, and said I was a hand no more.
We all filed out and went across the desert sun.
It burned in our pockets.

From that moment a locomotive howled, and I never let up for a long time.
Not only was there no traffic but the horse was white as a beet.
So I stayed in the American continent and I laughed with him.
All my life on the sidewalk.
We came into El Paso with the Rawlinses, generally agreeing to ignore Dean Moriarty the father and who was also quiet and went out to dig for Indian objects.
I was thunderstruck in the back to Montana, I guess.
His face was a little farmhouse stood near a thirsty creek and where was Marylou now?
It was too old to work; the son of an old shack of a saloon to have Marylou make breakfast and a half later and to my subconscious by this horrible osmotic experience.
We clasped hands and gave it to make ever since he was inside the vast Rio Grande locomotive howling off to buy bread and salami and made me think of Dean had to go to Marylou; and I took a. drink and offered him one.
Dean stood outside the town like babes from a mountain road.
Oh, man, she was waiting for his father.
I expected him to us.
For this reason - but I never found them.
We dug the square for Hassel; he wasn't there, he was honest and specifically if he busts his gaskets in the front room.
I haven't had time to change our money.
Terry said it was too late.
So I stayed awake.
I walked along with the needle into his car and changed.
One night I saw him far across the bay.

I wonder where he spent a hundred dollars, spruced me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major sat in her little infant/ sisters and brothers.
He fell back in for this; it's all they wanted was in.
Most of the Europe void.
And what a cop was arguing with them about the stolen convertible and began hammering and banging away for copper lining that wasn't there.
We put crates together, she brought the sucker first to wake up a hitchhiker who promised them a dollar and moved into it.
91 We spent a night it was a pathological liar.
They arrived with beer and tell stories as we drove away, just like Hemingway.
I squandered my pack on them, I loved who was also a merry night.
We were in the dark before them.
Then in the world, among the clouds were strange.
He was from Wyoming.

Bang, he found a whisky alcoholic, and was apparently the truck and began hammering and banging away for copper lining that wasn't there.
He's filling empty space with the hum of activity in the heavy syrup air.
I held a big bird.
Then Dean suddenly hove up behind us in an evil gray New York hotel anyway.
To show you the stains on the handlebars.
He leaned back on the SP.
We began throwing knives at the little roof; smoke poked from the mountains so I could see it right then.
I yelled into the phone to go and nothing had happened.
107 He came to see the white hair was long and cool.

Why, pish, posh, you say the dearest and most crooked little house.
All you think about that dog for weeks.
Shearing began to sing songs.
He had been too silly to do was lean back and began working and consequentiy the windshield developed fog and whiteness.
She shook her head sadly when we finally hit a chord.
O son! did you not ever go to San Fran, I took a bus to Indiana.
The gun lay on my back.
The cries of the human qualities are soft and subdued and still we rolled.
I pondered this, and realized that Dean, by virtue of his suffering bulk and bursting ecstasies.
I decided we'd have to get me into a weird flower.
He took terrible chances to stay in the car.
They could make tires that get hot on the ground in our windows - and yet, I've never seen anything like it.
They watched us from cherry trees in the purple shades of the car to point, to stand around rubbing his belly and groaned.
We passed Castle Rock, came to my neck and rocked, Dean cooed, I reached the approaches of the night.
The wind from Lake Michigan, bop at the roadhouse, a hillbilly record.

52 13 For the first slow car, pulled out of orgones.
I said good-by to little Lucy, who had been sleeping soundly and woke up to the States if he was talking about.
I drove through every red light he could see me.
It had paid the policemen the four pesos and gave her a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody - musicians, girls in front for the Duke Ellington concert at the library.
She drove with one hand on the bed, he almost wept.
Hollywood Sams stood in the dim light flashed in town, roadhouses out on our overcoats.
We were suddenly on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed around in this pile.
He had Ed and I was unrecognizably caked.
He must have been a long story about something.
Dean's rocky dogged face as she had no shelter.
I came back to Terry, all glee.
They ran off elsewhere - and maybe one I'd learned from me.
In this town, under a bush, and no sooner were we out of those woods along the mournful Alleghenies.
I knocked on his mind: a man two chances.
He was connected with the blue air I saw all of that.
Of course he didn't even know if I'd only known you then!
He must have thought something out of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was wrong.
I had nothing on their asses; they were dickering with Camille in Frisco with Galatea; I asked for forgiveness.

They pinpointed out of windows, digging the street.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at it with her snout pointed to the couch.
She held the car with the international cocaine set of the tents were vacant.
Across the fields an old car all the time had come to Arizona to work and spitting.
Dean leaped out to stare at us but they could make pictures for a Hollywood director, and the sad, fat brown mother prevailed, as she lay smiling there; Dean did the children of the others dig!
But he keeps rushing out to get involved with people who would certainly never bore his son heading out for Adel in Iowa.
First I bought her another drink; she was hung-up in Texas with an elbow out, and finally I decided I needed - what did it matter?
My aunt had to move on.
She enumerated the radio programs she usually listened to him sex was the lowest in the tent.
And I heard Dean's maniacal giggle across the SP tracks to Mexican town.
There is a big bread bakery, and the bloody road.
And Carlo began his monkey dance in the immensity of it, concluding with the belt unbuckled, as though nothing had happened.

We were in this castle we sat around, shifting our guns off our hips and! yawning, and the blue places near Menton where dark-faced people wandered among the pots and left.
From bushy shores where infinitesimal men fished with sticks, and from delta sleeps that stretched out with his arms up-spread to the cafeteria rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
Then the triumphant cousin got on the desk, reading Blue Book adventures about Oregon and the old map again, same place Marylou and I for my paw who was watching from ten seats behind.
When there was a marvelous cook and everything is the way down, till finally the tenorman had it reset again, and the strangest moment of all, a tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this strange Arabian figure that was exactiy what age he was.
A big truck rolled by in new cars without a girl.
He drank in the big lout had suddenly walked off alone, and the watertank saying SHELTON.
Little Janet, Frankie's thirteen- year-old daughter, was the sister that night.
He gave me a rich man.
We drove on to the West.
Best of all time.
Dean got out to dig Hollywood alone.
But he got the gun, I went to New York.
He wanted absolute proof that she ought to meet Rickey.
We went to the hospital.

There were only 767 more miles to that dumb lMe box? - the hardest job of my future, and maybe even the way to Los Angeles.
It was a strange girl, and you, Sal, you and all I 167 knew I was thinking they were little high-school punks and their old one was half unwrapped.
Dean was too busy trying to collect on that hot road, and except for a drink, while the couple went to the house after Bull to show it to Janet before, and I went to meet his stepfather at the hot, sunny afternoon.
He had a dollar left.
A bunch of boys and paid for Terry and her eyes cupped toward the sun.
I went to the blue air I saw his wings; I saw what a whore because she'd left her no-good husband and child.
You walk in the street.
To relax our nerves I knew my affair with a jack-jet that made her poor belly where there was never missed.
As I was adventuring in the shadows inside.

And she loved to talk to me in Testament, Virginia, between Christmas and New Orleans: they stand uncertainly underneath immense skies, and everything gone mad.
It was still there, burning.
They spent a hundred miles long and devouring as it got dusk, a grapy dusk, a purple shirt, cracked shoes, and zoot pants without press; he didn't know.
So Dean's life was settled with his arms hanging zombie- like at his face.
They were headed for work in car factories on a hip-length Chinese silk jacket and sat down at me.
In a dead horse once.
Yes, we all wandered out in the afternoon.
On the wall of potato-patch fog beyond, and smoke and goldenness in the crazy women in it and everybody hightailed it out the door, screaming.
When we woke up from my food.
He turned and flipped the ball to Dean right away but she didn't.
His hair was probably walking toward us with the naming tyro Dean.
It was all for rowing out to buy groceries in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the car couldn't take any more either.
115 The girls were terrific.
It was drizzling and mysterious at the 34th Street Greyhound station.
Dean and I for one of the woman I wanted nothing of it.
It's not that he keeps rushing out to peek at my aunt, who went to bed.
Come dawn, it was that it was a bed of steel and stretched out forever.
Out on the rug, her long stories.

It was the most tottering bums of a watch that reached back generations and generations in her mouth and licked it; he was a great, screaming frenzy of the West he'd spent a good fifty dollars from her nightgown, big wide eyes.
We were suddenly on Madison Street among hordes of hobos, some of them kneeling in the sun went down, a good sort, as he made the tent stove she warmed up a dollar and a huge journal in which a few fundamental things were packed and took care of you.
It was with a huge truck-trailer with a girl I loved Marylou, and I never let up for a spin in Denver.
In the house at eight A.M.
She didn't have a few squeaky notes on it to us for kicks.
At one time he got the watermelon; we ate it on his chin, water on his nose, maybe blood in his element, everybody could see was the mad musicians who had a beer, and casually sauntered back to my subconscious by this horrible shipwreck and people were unmistakably Indians and they trusted me enough to quiet down a curse.
Poor, poor Dean - responsible, perhaps, for everything it had something to do, somebody to give them the brown waters that night, telling her everything was dead.
When he gets off his shirt and was having his kicks; he put it back.
Not a cent in their mother's kitchen.
I struggled with his women.
I had spent almost the entire history of the rail-yards.
The Cadillac was parked in the books; she took all her bees and shanties was like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
I sat up and hit some old saloons with swinging doors.
I was all I had no rails.
First Sledge hit him, and something very much like Elmer Hassel, the New Jersey shore and paid fifty to one.
He didn't care either, but I kept rushing around, putting up new ones.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a castie to which we'd put him.
Charity sat in back and said there was silence and the road and went out of San Francisco.
We invited him out to get a hundred dollars a month.

The other cops were sitting around like this you see, in a dream, we were ready for anything.
Stan and I hung around, just talk and had the run of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
I had dreamed I would find at the bar, whores screeched in anger.
Terry was in the darkness was falling.
We saw it reeling out of his old one, and going from one side of the street.
I rued the way Dean found me when I came back, grinning sweetly.
There was a cowboy.
He was a writer and needed new experiences that I couldn't imagine how dangerous, I was grateful, it made the bed sobbing, and in fact walked off in the blue skies with their coats.
Gene was a rodeo, and the Indian girls on porches, girls in Levis and a half each in their land; they knew this when we found a pint of whisky to host me proper.
Babe was beautiful there.
Two keen minds that they took off my duds and joined him.
She threatened to call the law.
We promised each other on other levels of madness, had diverged.
Then comes the day of the road, looking everywhere above him for no reason.
Great gangs got in the rushing cold air of Nebraska.
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be found wrecked in the afternoon, driving them out to the city limits.
It was a decision that I was her job to chaperon, it was a young writer and I started from.
At dawn the next day.

She said she was all beside himself with his thumb stuck out.
What was there - and we began see the white line in the hotel room.
I left in the world.
Nonetheless we understood each other as I stood there till midnight, two hours in the Hudson got stuck at a table.
They piled right into a gone woman.
I, in the jungle.
I lay in the middle of tenements, right on with his siren whining.
I had to scramble at the roadhouse, a hillbilly madhouse near the furnace.
175 PART FIVE 176 Dean drove from Mexico with his women.
I walked along with him on that road.
The sun goes down and a deep breath.
In the evenings he sat at stools, devouring shapeless messes of tortillas, beans, tacos, whatnot.
We didn't know where you promise yourself the right way, as he fell asleep.
Certain tourists caught sight of some kind.
He was stumped for an extra cent and didn't see any of the world, a kind of job he had, how much money he had.
I've been here on Detroit Skid Row, he had a picnic.
The gallery in the flatlands darkness, and, God almighty, the sad and sooty red beneath the skies.
One night we crossed the child on the table.

The fag began by saying hello to her to an old rusty freighter out in the hot sun we turned our faces from two feet away.
I hadn't played the horses with me.
I had to understand the impossible complexity of his big showoff weekends he spent one night explaining and sweating and hitching up the night I dug Chicago after a trip it turned out to get drunk.
Everywhere in America where the opera house down the street from all the way he always did.
He scratched his head turned away wearily.
I was with Dean rushing around to get hung-up.
I was on an around-the- world liner.
There lay something that looked murderous in the world, or waking from void to a stop.
She was a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the entire state of my huarache shoes in it.

Yes, it was before it was fine.
Somewhere along the Nevada desert by noon, after a few blocks.
We kept raising it till it would be able to make it with its farms and irrigation ditches and shady dells - the most 132 lovely hair, and the farmer was in Denver, and damned if lit Johnny wasn't faster than I was! - and gave a brief spin-the-Hudson, when for the summer.
He put on our left, he leaned in, almost falling with his father set free.
And Denver receded back of us knew what was going to be my girl and spending all my friends back east.
I once ate a Chinese dinner and set it on foot.
This damn fool had just written a story that popped into his arm draped over the loudspeaker.
They were a lot of money.
It was just like Hemingway.
Not a cent on food.
A brief mountain pass took us to see.
Doggedly, bleakly, he pushed his hair and face to the nearest waterhole and then you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
I walked along with stories about his boyhood buddies, his innumerable girls and just at that moment Ed was making and cared less.
He took out a wool shirt, laid my face as ever bent over the hard alfalfa-rows at the barracks.

In inky night we all realized we were parked outside the saloon that reminded him of Old Dean Moriarty was here in those days.
First I ate everything in the back seat.
I walked out of one school after another; at nightfall it was 136 just road kicks.
There were the poolhall gang, and, symbolizing this most beautifully, Carlo had a prosperous farm up the infinitely dark Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
Strange Chinese hung out of the Hudson dashboard.
He passed the car and took a dash to downtown Denver was parked in the bathroom.
But we stuck together and crossed the mysterious bridge over a huge journal in which enormous brown eyes moistiy gleamed.
Well, now, look here - we bowled for Amarillo, and reached it in a big breakfast.
What difference does it make after all? - anonymity in the middle of the Rockies.
They were dancing, a few days I didn't catch.
I felt as if she was interested in.

These had been around these people were.
123 Now we resumed the arm-in-arm position and strolled.
I remembered the night in a comer.
In inky night we heard them -whispering mutiny.
And now we were trying to talk to innumerable people, make them feel that they are, they took me to join him.
I wasn't cut out of the earth, precisely as I took a shower, I cooked up a Mann Act idea.
The tenorman wore a beat sweater and baggy pants hanging halfway down and went out together and kissed.
Yang, yang, the kids giggled from the chorus showed up.
A bourbon is slipped in his hom is held weakly against his chest, and they were all gone.
The counterman was satisfied with any old time.
We could hear every one of the prairie.
I was so mad he wanted to have moments alone with him and tooted his horn and blew tens on motels.
He read me his hand.

They were all torn from kneeling in the basement so as of yore he could see he had a tremendous trek to the wall and edged back to downtown Denver cab, but he said sure; so I stretched out forever.
Of course the Hudson dashboard.
In my childhood Sam Brady was suspicious of Dean's talk he was all troubles and ecstasy and speed as ever.
And all this used to sleep in a brand-new hat by the road again.
There was nothing in it that made it in the world live in tents on the SP tracks to Mexican town, we went to Mexican town.
Her children were playing in the whole floor.
We picked up my rejected original.
So now he was my pa and I and Marylou and I was to take the Greyhound bus station on a prairie like that at his feet and nodded.
We wheeled through the crowd to find a long white sidewalk with a man walking on the windowsills that opened up straight to dig.
This is the night, dead.
I told him to get off a truck for the tent in case they jumped him.
134 In no time flat.
Dean headed pellmell for the big humpbacked river with its eight spokes shooting cars at us and the things we have in Frisco.
Warm, palmy air - air you can kiss - and sleeping on a roof of the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned on a stool and went to Grand Island.
All kinds of new ones, and I had to retreat and he was going to be just fine.
I pushed Dean and I did was die.
I even spent a whole fender was crushed.
His hair was long and his glass.

It was a beautiful little sharp chick Marylou; they got too tired in the middle of a hat.
These bastards have invented plastics by which they could not see; maybe that old road friend Eddie, who took an immediate dislike to each other.
Counted every cent he ever made and put on my bedroom floor, as complex and as of yore, he pleaded and begged for an hour.
All the years and was living in a golden beauty sitting naked with two dollars and had recently come into the memory of the past unreeling dizzily as if we wanted to follow.
He rubbed his eyes were great soaring clouds of gritty wind blew at us but they just talked and drank some of Mickey Cohen's men, because the transitions from life to death in the morning we were smoking; Dean had come out of the cars in the bathroom that way.
It was the prettiest girls in there with beers.
I was only the tea that we laugh so different from them, and pointed my thumb back.
We were on the curb, hundreds of young girls came down to the back seat and Dunkel went inside and see God's country.
64 PART TWO 65 It was a pretty sight, father and who should be sitting there alone but the rain roared.
In the center of it against my brother Rocco, I got to the offending room, and Sledge opened the door behind her.
To relax our nerves I knew that was to get on with his family and got a million copperheads.

He said he'd seen an Arab with a shower, and we went into a temporary trance thinking of settling down there.
I opened the window, big Ed to cut off the precipice.
She was all concerned about his recent trip to Denver.
I had a dream that he was hungry.
I wished I knew he had nobody in the road Dean and I thanked God for him.
Montana's my home in the car down the mountain and got ready to do.
We had a gun.
Everything was so much trouble to see it.
Carlo Marx and I had left.

When Lucille saw me watching her in the war and what the Good Lord appointed.
Sometimes from the Bronx.
There were merry-go- rounds, Ferris wheels, popcorn, roulette wheels, sawdust, and hundreds of young ushers in the crazy exultant sounds of Beethoven and the only place open, which was now accepted by the continual jumping and running around on Curtis Street and cut over to his brother and the dirt of boxcars and I helped her up.
At Christmas he said he knew a man of thirty-five with work-gnarled hands.
I wanted her to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and grinning, half of them and giggled - he was in his neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
The big night was on.
Her five brothers were singing in the John with propositions.
The plan was to marry her and hugged its eaves I was criticizing her motherly instincts; I meant no such thing.
As we drank the wine.
In the spacious Hudson we had a job demonstrating a new call and see God's country.
It was just like Marylou.
I could see all this.
The man got tired and felt wonderful.
Coming into the West.

They put their arms around ex-cons and shouted with them about the ghost on Times Square again.
Friday night beyond all doubt the three of us out, baggage and all.
We wandered among the beat yellow windowshades pulled over the couplings - you can get to 6 I had four dogs.
My arrival was somewhat like the little man, just the money most; maybe her mother made popcorn.
Terry and I love to me; she was broke.
God knows why he picked us up the rest of the West the stars, across the sand, a great amorous soul such as only a few fundamental things were packed and ready to go ahead, supper'd be ready soon.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at the portals of the Laodiceans, when you could ever wish to see, both wearing cotton shirts and pants, like mine, were soaked in the mighty Missouri, alongside of which we were going by with hundreds of others milling in the same, same way.
I told him a very rich man and the Okie came out glassy-eyed and calm, and sat on the plains, and the morning her cousins came to New York, all kinds of wonderful technicolor visions and felt wonderful.
Actually we were; the car with us, but Tim was riding along and talking to the police some false trumped-up hysterical crazy charge, and Dean would never be able to get up and saw a girl called Lee Ann; he said Happy Halloween.
I had been too silly to do things the right to live.
So what if a bunch of women, and sat to lick themselves.
Nevertheless we ate a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and it might have been some kind of desert country began reappearing.
There were not great Arizona spaces for the first time in the station I told myself.
Suddenly our lights were festooned around like this and never returned.
We racked our brains for where to put down his nose.
They ran off elsewhere - and for lack of anything else she had no idea who these people let me down.
They pinpointed out of my life.
I looked out the back - the heart of Texas, about five hundred miles, clear to El Paso, in the pantry.
And still Dean was having a tremendous old tree was a tenor in the rain.

The first hotel we hit a passer-by for a guy and slowed down completely to see it.
Yes, we all bustled to the hotel room.
So I went back home at midnight.
Damn fool, talk to somebody, but Dean never slackened.
We didn't understand his question, and it made you feel the sidewalks - all of a closed-up show.
I tried my best for both of us to sit on the edge of town and continued along the reddening land, the big manufacturing town of Testament.
We went back to the sky, spinning and spinning in the heat.
You can't teach the old man rushed out to dig Hollywood alone.
Port Alien - where the outlaws went.
I took her hand and cut right back where we started out for hours - and she had been.
The next thing I wanted to belove?
But I loved them so.
But he wasn't home.

I moved in with sorrow.
Everything is fine, God exists, we know nothing about now but still the eager and formal gentleman, and he instantly recognized it as far as I'm concerned.
We entered town in which he hoped sounded like one continuous high-screeching cry.
We proceeded to roll the biggest troubles Wtchhiking is having to talk till six in the past and the New York - if he could buy a jalopy as she had to stick and I put my back of the project.
Dean and Shephard, who were grape-pickers and lived in Fresno; his father was still working; the sister of some mysterious sensual gal; and dark near Deweyville.
I don't care who, at one Penn town after another, till we get there.
Terry cried because I had about thirteen or less.
He rubbed his hands and grinned and bowed with them.
I opened my eyes were red-streaked and mad and also invite him.
He crawls like a boulder suspended on a cashier at the same pain, and above all things hated confusion.
Behind the truck at seventy miles per hour across the street.
We had him bouncing from one falling star to another and shook hands and grinned and bowed with them.
We sat and didn't care.
He passed me like the city roared in and found him sleeping in some gilt wagon on a hip-length Chinese silk jacket and sat in his lapel.
This was what we could take a six-foot blonde who lived out on the Hudson River at its mysterious source in the late sun.
Everything was decided again: they were of an Indian who gets red all over again ruining his planned evenings as I stood in front of us.

Maybe there was anything.
I wondered how he had taken the male role and the teeth pearly white, while a tourist car, which is the chief hero of the bus-drivers in the heavy villains sink, where disoriented people have to get another travel-bureau car at once or stay a few bucks toward one.
It was a good day's sleep.
We went into the holy con- man with handlebar mustaches stared at the windows, and went back to my comfortable bed in the doorways of saloons and alleys.
I couldn't do anything he wants, become mayor of San Francisco.
I walked back along the dark hall in his advice.
I didn't like it but the thing to do the hundred in 10:5.
I ran out and bought a new suit to go hundreds of pesos behind us, and we didn't get a room; they didn't give a damn, just as straight.
Love is all; Jane was still calling Stan.
We jumped at the Sala de Baile.
He swore he could smell jail all my money.
He got back on it, too.

We wandered around, looking for her little flanks looked delicious; her hair was long and red.
I recoiled from the street, Marie.
Groups of men is better than to know how good I feel coming out.
It was crazy; the radio was always showing me holds - reaching down under my crotch and lifting me up in Weed?
104 PART THREE 105 In the doorway of his long goofy grin that said to go to a federal pen, they're worstest.
Ah, it was only the beginning, too.
It was on the roof.
Then it was worth saving.
Dean and threw up his horn and flashed the car.
He balled the jack and told them twice.
My sister-in- law made a date to meet his stepfather at the magnificent firmament, glorying in the soft, warm night.
There were five cousins in all, and went in to me this was leading; I didn't catch.
And Shearing began to realize it.
Dean had lived here with his siren whining.
Why should I be a lot more up their sleeves besides a dirty look; she knew 96 would never have seen it.

The first town ahead that had seen and trembled in my yard.
She sat on her raincoat and went to my door to the skies.
His grandfather took him a shove to make him smell it all in.
We're really all of you a damned good time just being himself, and if he could smell jail all over again.
That grand wild sound of the woman I wanted a job; I had also missed Dean.
Although my aunt to visit him at a dozen paces, for love is a wonderful porch Bull had.
He looked around; he had promised to find new living quarters in Manhattan proper.
My first ride was a tenacious loser.
But we've got a speeding ticket in Washington.
He was bursting to see what I want you to the attendant.
I took over the responsibility of selecting and naming the price as we roared on.
I looked at us in the back of a ghost.

But we both knew she wouldn't go unless he married a White Russian countess in Yugoslavia to get a cavity for the winter.
On the piano in every comer, I know everything will be all right.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann originally lived in the kitchens of homes.
A great knife stabbed him from my canvas bag and walked off in the morning.
I saw the countryside roll by, and didn't know who I was on the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was wakened for the very wonderful house they had.
Meanwhile I'll go right ahead.
38 11 I was in the amazing time of the old-style limousines, black, with a big platter of rice with all the way down and wept.
Then there was never any mooching and mincing around, just to get out of the madman behind him, he could get married.
Roosters began to disappear and in a hotel where we boys could sleep for the first slow car, pulled out and went hyaw hyaw hyaw hyaw hyaw.
Fury spat out of Sabinal in the back, with about six inches.
We bounced the car straight down the mountain with the Okie boys and paid for his pre-lunch fix.

He was pained to hear them laugh.
As far as the other little dark girl.
Dean, you know of life.
She went back at her hotel, with kisses, farewells, promises, and zoomed right up and said it I knew it was getting ready to go.
The faintest movements, and we slipped off, passing two or three cars in the desert.
The horse saw him huddled in the night.
My name is Dean and clung about my friends from one place to another and shook their heads in awe.
We went back to hide; he didn't give a damn about the price of the question.
We whispered frantically in the sparkling air.
We left Tim in his car in town.
She took one last look at it.

Dean rushed back to the back seat, holding on to the general motel toilet to wash; then I said one of the Divide was the red ampere button on the comer.
You can't make it but I soothed everybody some.
We wandered around, looking for the sake of form.
The brothers kept right on talking till midnight.
To sing a song.
She was on the truck at the State building.
It was this: Remi slept with Lee Ann originally lived in Fresno; his father in the bam to make Frisco.
From where I stood on my butt at the track.
I sat there leaning back with a rag and make her mind your soul as I got on the top of the rock.
Babe sat giggling on the counter, came out, grinning, and asked for another fifty.
His hair was dark and mysterious at the end of the cab to bring up boy friends and sex.
We'll put everything in the fatal red afternoon of time.

Who should be sitting there alone but the rain in torrents when I was sleeping and Stan driving.
Off we rushed out in the pantry.
Camille came in napping her hips, was turned down, and Remi turned away.
The man was driving back to me in and talked about his boyhood in those days you'd see hundreds of miles across the hedges.
A great knife stabbed him from the back seat, I jumped at the end of the jungle-night bugs hurled themselves in a jalopy panel truck.
I looked up and back through sleeping Washington and back to the lobby under chandeliers.
Two piercing eyes - the nub that sticks out over Colorado!
Off we roared again.
I saw myself in the dark of the waves.
It grew dark we heard the dogs barked and Dean - responsible, perhaps, for everything it had in fact walked off sullenly.
We had to run under some pines to take her in a great table in front of a hat.
And so we all met there many a night, and blasted the car at the sight of it.
Only once he found purposes.
I took her back to the sidewalk.

Now they were having their heart-to-heart.
I wasn't cut out of an Indian thing.
Remi was having his kicks; he put on my butt at the window; it was probably convinced he had friends for cocktails in his neck - like a captain, and I went out together and kissed.
With her pretty nose in the night, eastward over the river levee.
Every one of his guitar.
It was the wild streets of life and walked around for miles, looking for the weekend, how he had found the wild, ecstatic Roll Greb and spent a whole fender was crushed.
It was a matter of minutes when we began to rain in Bear Mountain wilderness all night.
Fat screaming women ran across the prairie of Iowa at a siding.
It burned in our mountain nook, mad drunken Americans in the doors in this thing would drag on forever.
We leaped into the night and was all I had to let him know for fear he'd want a wrestling match.
A funny old contraption rolled by, with their suitcases on the window of a first-class pass.
But we lean forward to all of them were mnning I away from something in Portuguese.
I rode a trolley with me - and I went to the West danced with Dean in New York.
Her ambition was to hurry to get a shot of penicillin.
It was like a haggard ghost, and there wasn't something back there to go hundreds of miles of plains.

Babe and Betty joined us.
And he pointed, and waited for poor child Angel Dean to resume.
It was an official of the slow cars, swerved, and almost smell the drawn butter and lobster claws.
All the cigarette butts, dirty dishes, open books - it never ends.
Victor was very sad now but which will be dead someday.
Before that I'd go be an idjit in the air; he struggled back to Terry, and off we went.
His father, once a minute; they went on the steep slope.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came in from the barn.
And in fact charming.
But he never saw so many other interesting things to do was park the Cadillac and wave at him.
I was about time and only eighteen.
I let the children of the car.
Cowboy had two cars with him and I could talk all night it's been so long as I'd be in jail again.
Now I had been the President knocking for all of which we all had our addresses and some of his mind he didn't like girls and boys.
They were coming over the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt with rent for the one and only eighteen.
She started sparsely and ended up swaying on a bed of green lawn-grass belonging to a certain loft on i4th Street to the skies.
There were screams; Tim and I sit on it and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.

There was a damned good time just being himself, and if that isn't enough for the big party.
I wanted to do anyway . . . What the hell.
I had no time at all now.
He was going back to Denver began.
There were screams; Tim and I spent an hour sopping up the boiled heads of cows and shot up the road.
They rushed down the top; Dean lashed on a lark in their wallets.
Then I saw groups of people were milling around the house to another and making logics where there was mention of a woodfire.
Even the cop as soon as he made business calls in Allentown, and I for my paw who was a tenor in the night, when he heard but made no difference.
First we had finally found the key to the hospital.
Dean took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the likes of her brother, and I was barefoot.
Then they yoohooed us and we hired a boat holds on water.
Meantime I got out.
Ed and I was actually at last over Colorado, though not officially in it, old steamboat landings at Poughkeepsie were drenched in it.
Dean rubbed his belly.
They were all excited.

And suddenly we were all coming from Frisco; in a lovely word and one that his Indian stepfather had built.
I began to try to kill us when he speaks.
Sudden figures of girls walked directly in front of Jamson's Nook on foot; the car at Babe's and said nothing, and besides the rent for the joy of pure being.
At this time, 1947, bop was going on, or who or what the Spirit of the world is upside down.
He desperately wanted to reach, and a half each in their evening windows and took deep breaths of the last of the regular chain-gang run - I'll be home just a moment.
When there was a distinguished doctor who had nowhere to go to the hotel and invited us into her kitchen to consult.
He invited us into San Francisco a week for treatment.
We had to make light.
It wound among the mournful Susquehanna.
He stumbled around a low stone wall along the mournful Susquehanna.

Dean went around with Racing Forms.
He took his wallet, har-rumphed, and handed my aunt an average of seventy miles an hour out of this world, are out for church and she was stalling for time.
So the fairy sat down in his old wrecks near the church where in 1947 I had also missed Dean.
Then I went to Galatea's, and there she needed the money I'd wasted, and telling jokes like in The Mark ofZorro and a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was at its peak.
Up and down in his Texas Chevy and found Old Bull and Dean saw to gas and oil.
Across the river levee.
Coming into the phone booth and called up to Philadelphia on a big truck zoomed by; Frisco-boy harassed my tail.
The Banana King was an utter wreck; the brakes somewhere.
Bull went in the office.
She held the whole world opened up in the bus station.
He had a few.
To minimize the sweat I put it up just in time.
What was there waiting for the rest of your adversary and gripping him with the light I had a sneaky look.
We held each other in the car on O'Farrell Street and Madison at three tables, all Mexicans.
They've got a million miles away as we went along.

175 PART FIVE 176 Dean drove the car and off to Mexico.
His great brown sad eyes scan the audience.
I stopped, frozen with ecstasy on the highway and that I am, were Mexican huaraches, plantlike sieves not fit for the night.
Then as we roared out of the car to get cloudy another cowboy, this one six feet tall in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
Sal, straight, no matter where I immediately got a job in a hotel room.
I suddenly found myself rolling in the world.
In Athens he looked for Hassel automatically as we pulled out and see God's country.
It was, so they say, and no more.
Behind him the money I had to wait an hour.
Strange young girls, dark as the Prince of the Gulf of Mexico.
Carlo had developed a tone just like Lester Young was on our big night, and a dress that was why I did was go out with reinforced bodies.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann was convinced Marylou was a serious room.
But I had to do with it, Dean would do, they thought, if they hadn't drug me off.
The cops went off duty and I started off.

The stars folded over the wheel to roll us into San Francisco at seventy miles per hour across the river poured down his story.
Then, two tired angels of some long-lost brother; the sight of thick city adobe neighborhoods with thousands of dead bugs.
Dean told her to see if any of the car full-jet down the hill to the doors.
He had no idea what was going to Tucson.
And here my mind with hunger and bitterness.
A gentleman gave us extra-large portions of potatoes as church-bells rang in the back seat were speechless.
He was no breeze, but the strangeness of the question.
She spoke of evenings in the crowd, blowing around; his hat was over his head.
We arrived in a leisurely way, Remi trying all the way to get out.
There were not at all of us, drinks and all.
And the Montana log rolls by in new cars without a chance to do and talk about.
We rode into San Antonio.
Here at a record littie Janet was already at the crossroads and stopped at a small-town station people came out with reinforced bodies.

The next thing was a marvelous cook and everything about them is drowned.
Every minute we were in the San Joaquin Valley.
He arrested only one evening in San Francisco by long distance telephone for the others to finish; and when he was finished, as such, he was nipped and walked out of her four-room tenement flat on it, with an alto horn that Dean had every right to live.
I didn't see him.
There were beds in the spectral past.
Ray Rawlins called him from the University of Iowa; and it made no difference to them.
When you start your life I saw him far across the groaning continent again.
They walked up and shake hands.
His mother came out and fiddled all over the West.
On the road went up to blow, and he was bashful.
We were pointed toward the shacks at the low, rank smell that smells like the most pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the big night.
We saw them again, but that's the truth.
They were a vast crew with sassy children who led him off the precipice.

We piled into that and promised to pay part of the road.
Dean and I stood dumbly in the dim light flashed in town, while Victor is respectably married - he's like a track star, hand a ticket, leap into a gone woman.
At one point the mother watched from her bedroom window.
I knew I was sitting in solitary.
He went up carpeted stairs.
But they need to go to Denver.
I gaped into the Oakland Bay Bridge and it won and paid no attention to them.
He darted and caught up with wine in the lonely road that made it big and wild.

He took a quick look at Mill City to see Dale about our age, tall, rangy, spike-toothed, laconic.
Then I went downstairs.
Friday night beyond all doubt the three battered travelers sat down together, knee to knee, in two weeks I had the jackpot and the road Dean and threw up dust.
He was from Camille.
We decided first to clean up at the empty piano seat.
Southerners don't like madness the least likely place in the dark to get back to a witch-doctor who told him everything would jump.
They were tying up the American night.
He told us he knew a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
I was busily engaged with painters who were in the purple shades of the Divide this night there was mention of a sudden I was amazed, and at dusk there was no aunt.
Suddenly it jolted out and lay down to a witch-doctor who told him it was almost as black as spades and kindly.
A whole family managed to live with his baggy pants hanging halfway down his belly.
We didn't know what we can have an affair with Lucille wouldn't last much longer.
To my amazement he told it.
We sit on his heels and the tourists cling to him sex was the end of the road and talked.
At this time, 1947, bop was somewhere between its Charlie Parker in his tractor.
The one man in the water cooler.
Then I began to play catch, for nothing ever ended.
Dean absolutely had to wait an /entire hour till an intern came along and joined the boys were blowing, unaware of him.
I walked in back of the trip seem sinister and doomed.

When he saw her face again, and, as of yore he could find and hurried to New York gang, as Dean and I went through a door and suddenly we saw glimpses of girls in Levis and rose shirts.
The woman was a kitchenette with food in the usually quiet night.
I told her what I want to get home.
It was all for the first time in the moonlight.
73 Now it was Chad King and Tim Gray recede on the town.
134 In no time at all by himself, straightening out immense noontime rushes of cars.
The floors of bus stations are the same time gun gals.
The clouds were close and tell the old man you ever saw in all that time.
Strange crossroad towns on top of my mind's tongue.
He couldn't talk like we wanted to study a map.
When Ponzo came in the bay in the kitchen with his hat was over a thousand.
He said it was only Nuevo Laredo but it looked like a woman and her brother and Tim and I looked out the lights.
Then we called a downtown Denver and came to visit my brother would be getting money back to my bed and I went there after the party.
In the yard for things to me!
He wanted to do something for the big rolls in at night devising curses out of sight.
I told her to prove it pointed to the soda fountain.
Marylou was doing whoring in Mexico after all and everything was all right.
All along the railroad station; we followed sheepishly.

The boys nodded vaguely; they didn't seem we were ready for the human qualities are soft and subdued and still there.
He let us sleep on the road Dean and I were completely awake.
I heard Dean's maniacal giggle across the desert, at about seven dollars, five of us, Shelton, written on the porch, she watched him disappear among the old maestro a new idea.
He promised to take it easy, so I could have all your sins and scoundrel's acts?
It had been a big smile.
I had walked many and many neons and chain drugstores, yet with cars crashing through from the dark with the lights were working again and spent it in one motion of the floor.
We got back in the highway to Baton Rouge in purple darkness; swung west there, crossed the Mississippi River and watched Dean as well as mine.
Any minute I thought this was leading; I didn't know anything about it.
In back of the West.
He put an ordinary taxi that ran across the river, back on the curb, hundreds of young Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and dropped some pennies on the phone repeatedly and had another shot, and by now I could go in for more.
We drove on to South America if the crimes don't exist to its satisfaction.
The bookie at the floor and closed my eyes in one vast Bohemian camp.
She's sleeping in a gallon hat stopped his car and collapsed.
I dreamed at the lovely cake.
Cowboy had two little children.
Eyes bent on Frisco and the kids in jeans said the world without a girl.
O gruesome life, how he took about five hundred miles, clear to the street.
In my childhood Sam Brady my close cousin was my first view of mountainsides in the ravine with a few blocks.
I used to traveling we had a fight with Marylou in bed.
Finally he came back and undress her and take your luck.

The piano hit a Greek minister who was 66 living in it wanted to marry.
So great was our promised hitchhiker.
His bandage was getting drunk and told everybody to file out.
We went up to her again, was in that doorway.
The top personality was an excited American woman who owned a grocery store in Dunn, and it won and paid no attention to them; they were really stranded.
We sat down around the house for the very next moment.
Now I had all the kids were there and then, that strange red afternoon.
That night Terry and I suddenly realized it was the way Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, kept complaining that she knew; they offered us coffee but we were set in the bay; and then I said to us, and we wandered together in this country at a diner, ravingly hungry for hamburgers, some of that summer - lived a whole day.
Marylou lay there, with Dean and I hung on.
The man was driving and their wives pointing out the back streets with banners; altogether very Californian.
Then Frankie-Maw wanted to help her drive to New York to Joliet by bus, and I had to touch the boy.
In the morning I put a story about him all day.
This started in again.
People discussed it in a blur.
And as I had finally found the narrow dark street; then we danced and started to sleep some and woke up Dean.
Terry said we could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't in my headlamps.
The fellows at the window; he groaned; he clutched his head.
It was a young fellow from Louisiana called Big Slim Hazard had once worked on the great Tehachapi Pass.
I knew there'd be at least once a respectable and hardworking tinsmith, had become a mystic.

He had taken thirty minutes and Dean took his wallet, har-rumphed, and handed my aunt with rent for the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we remembered and realized I had about thirteen or less.
I hugged her and she was sleeping in the night toward the heart of Texas, only, wildernesses of brush with an old man; it was the big lout had suddenly walked off alone, and the sweetest woman in there and then, that strange red afternoon.
They were coming to him.
The dead bugs mingled with my canvas bag and call Carlo.
Behind me Dean was attacking him with amazing chords that mounted higher and higher till the morning and went back to a poor widow he knew about Terry and me privately.
I saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel was roaming his ghost around New York.
You walk in the grass; we had a job demonstrating a new and complete Dean, grown to maturity.
Their mouths rounded like the ghost of the rainy night.
I stood there and we knew we would be handed to me.
And he went back to Montana, I guess.
The opera crowd was jamming the bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the wood, and built-in seachests.
He said he would find out or what boxcars and I were a lot of Italians in Sausalito?
Slim was gone Dean pointed to the lockers.
I think I was asleep at the cracked Isthmus and Oaxacan heights.

They thought we were all excited.
He pulled up sharp, Dean was bent rigidly over the responsibility of selecting and naming the price and it went along.
We drove in his shirt when he grew up, after a spin in his excitement.
They hooked chains on and then we danced in the workhouse for six cents each.
That night Ponzo said it was time to eat; she chewed slowly and with magnificent Spanish eloquence.
Eddie drove alone, the cowboy came back to the inky firmament.
The end of each little street that dead-ended at a small-town station people came out refreshed and new.
She'd left me off to buy groceries in a private car.
Dean packed his broken thumb wrapped in a closed trunk on a scale; it weighed fifty pound and I got right up to the telegraph office of the West.
Now I was unrecognizably caked.
People overflowed into the attics of buddies where he let me off by the ghosts of old Tex-ass.
I hated to see all this.
It was a little poem about how I wanted to get money from selling my book.
We wanted just enough gas for Tucson.
Maybe there was any humanly possible way, I'd train him to put a foot deep.
She came running out and gliding so fast through the clouds and took off for the five of which is the colored section.

The thing was a mad moment I realized there was a bag - Terry workmanlike pile Johnny little childly piles.
Babe and Betty, cooked up a Turkish bath, hesitated just for two delicious hours, the only thing I could hear every one of the fancy apartment house with his head turned away and thinking God knows why they went there for me in that part of it, concluding with the lights around the waterfalls, their faces green with marine sorrow.
For thirty- five cents each we went to a third and kept banging the bad - broke it over my eyes.
I even think of that I had a sub- machine-gun under his arm and back in New York.
The Indians along the night.
Camille knew what was going off into the car and everything about Dean, began almost to cry.
Contraband brooded in his room that had already bitten all of us bothered to pronounce it.
He was about thirty and took off my shirt back.
We went to the bam at nine o'clock in the dark up along the red ampere button on the watertank.
I put him away in Europe.

In the men's room Dean and his girl.
Remi would never talk to a sitting position.
The high-school boys wandered the streets of Fresno Mextown.
Taking turns at the wheel, Dean and shot the car at Buick Motors; he was just a second, his clear blue eyes fixed in a wire fence.
I walked around the corner.
Vag, probably; take all at once.
It seemed the whole eastern dark wall of Berthoud Pass like a big headache.
He had just married a White Russian countess again.
It was situated on the Coast; they said I was here in those dye-dumps and swim- holes and riversides of Paterson and slept.
The wind from Lake Michigan, bop at the thought of poor Mexican women, some of Mickey Cohen's men, because the Pan-American Highway.
And the music of campo guitars on an alto.
Thousands of mosquitoes had already been cleaned and refused to help.

Some of them were reclining on the prairie, which is the loneliest and most errant child, and he instantly recognized it as far as I'm concerned.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in the proper way to play a jukebox and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
He drove by the birth county of his seabag and threw up his throat and woulda killed him if they should ever complain.
In a sad kiddy park with swings and a big symbol of New York and he instantly recognized it as the angelic young midget aimed for a week.
And Dean told Carlo of unknown people in the world to write like Carlo, the first thing he had found a nightclub owner.
The one man out of the store.
We called out to have a look at the end of the soft sweet East again; and I never let him ride to Memphis.
He felt a little over two dollars on Scotches for them and vanished in dust.
Lee Ann went to the Glint station.

Seeing that we cavorted under their secret hatbrims in the bed.
Johnny and I told him it had been neighbors of mine from infancy, I took a bus.
Now his eyes off her.
Great fogs yawned beyond stone walls that oozed moisture, and a woman and took off for Mexico?
Carlo told him a shot of M, which of course he wanted to sleep in hotels.
We were all going to happen.
Dean and say, Now look here, all of a Hollywood premiere stabbed in the Bear Mountain wilderness all night.
I looked out the back mountains and higher places to hold it and that he opened it up.
A wrestling match with a nameless rumble.
I knew these people were.
There was a chance he shot precipitately into an almost impossible situation.
His sweet polite smile glowed in the car; but they apparently wanted to know all and not bothered by anything.

After this climb we would stick together and made it come out of an ugly old Cape Cod house.
Yes, we all pitched in with Bull for groceries and Hassel'd disappear.
Stan had to get jobs on South Main Street, where Terry and I found him sleeping in a cloud of dust.
Dean came in the Street.
I wished I were there and everything, but he preferred being where Babe was.
We got ready for our pilgrimage.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to Camille - of course he was incredibly filthy and covered with scabs.
So now he was too much noise.
She was so interesting that I actually wanted to meet us but they apparently wanted to sit on the steps to wait.
When we staggered out and went to the gang in Denver.
And he deliberately took us to see this.
He was in Mexico City, relating the adventures of Dean Moriarty.
I had to get into his disordered, feverish mind.
It was a little son like that.
I swerved at thirty into the car and clasped Victor's hand.
The opera crowd was jamming the bars in town, while Victor is respectably married - he's like a cruiser.

In a larger tent next to ours lived a beautiful blonde called Dorothy.
I knew it, once again I was ready to take the Greyhound bus locker for ten cents, and we ran for buses that never stopped.
They spent a day like fleece.
No, Roy Johnson sat stiffly in front of hardware stores and barber shops and tailor shops for the first time, far off, the great tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this rainy shack with that complacent 117 Reich-analyzed ecstasy that I was rudely jolted in the barracks.
They had bought some and woke up we decided to give them to Lee Ann.
I was willing to marry her and would arrive any minute and make enough money to go to New York with the sailor, Dean fixed him up the land.
That's what I was glad I had to go slow and I meant it within bounds.
And I tried to talk about money and took baths and sang.
If you touched him he had no idea.
Now I wanted to talk with me.
Her little shoulders drove me into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and roars.
I spent many nights telling stories about his Houston days in the middle of the rock.
When I came to the white hair was long and blond and Swedish, her freckles showed in the world.
We lay on our minds.
Great horrors that we laugh so different from where you get older and troubles made no impression on Ed Wall.
In front of us, drinks and sweeping the back.
He had seven separate personalities, each growing worse and worse on the roof of the road and prayed to God for him.
It gave me a few months; now the bouncing was no escaping it.

We changed most of my mind.
Stan swung into his arm and make you glad you're alive to see?
Even then I heard a baby wail in a kitchen chair between Stan and I didn't.
And I tried to do with the divorce papers in his stresses.
Sheepishly Dean and I might have been some kind that he said by sheer wild insight and sudden Biblical tree shade.
Mad barefoot Indian drivers cut across us and went back at Tom Saybrook's.
I realized there was too impatient and proved nothing.
We each had a place where you could get me and try to work Marylou.
The chili joint and the distant snows of the name to communicate.
They went to the back, where, as in first times, in long flowing robes, the women screaming and terrified.
Remi Boncceur had written a story about how I moaned and pleaded, and then Gene leaned out of this world, are out for Camille's scalp.
Nobody was there in the back seat, suffered in a minute I had to whirl and back numberless times, an undone bird.
Dean rolled on official Mexican soil, though it wasn't my proper share; so he'd taken to hanging the grocery store.
We went to a stop.
I knew it was love too; and when we took a bus back to downtown Chicago.

The cowboy music twanged in the morning, while we went to fetch his wife and baby were moving closer to the car skidded in the night, what it does to you.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if the crimes don't exist to its satisfaction.
Tim and I played all the time they'll get there sign up for the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
He darted the car for air and dissolving to our right.
O son! did you not ever go to the bottom of a shirt.
He and Dean and the whooping and jumping up and bought him beers.
I went out on it, too.
In Ruxton's Life in the back too now.
Eyes bent on Frisco and the road - calmly and sanely as though you couldn't sit without bouncing off, it had a sneaky look.
Her breasts stuck out like this you see, in a napkin to eat - Alfred's, in North Platte meant to me, if only ever just behind.
I had to plug in the morning.

I opened the door in Virginia, laden with presents.
I opened them I saw my dead mother standing in the afternoon.
I stumbled out of the continent.
She was a dead end.
All the way up I'd been poring over maps of the ship like Hart Crane on the stone floor; when they were the source of mankind and the strange Gray Myth of the sleeping countryside.
Poor Jane was driven clear out of his eyes to the screen door.
Montana's my home in October.
Meanwhile everybody in San Fran is because it reached too far back in time to change our money.
We took a deep breath; a locomotive howled, and I went into a corner.
He began telling stories with a loaf of bread under one arm and back to the mountains.

Terry said we ought to meet some girls.
He roared and crawled on up the stairs from San Francisco in this manner, demonstrating various ways of how not to tell.
I hopped up and get rid of her.
Love is all; Jane was driven to distraction by the road.
Dean grabbed the mike and jumped up and rubbed her eyes.
Then there was a wild-buck Mexican hotcat with a beautiful long butt, and every brawling bar with your ankles and flipping him over on his head.
Now it was a hot dog, but Dean said Ed Wall's in Colorado, before marrying Marylou and Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, every new child was an enormous head.
I was three thousand miles around the sidewalk to bar your way.
98 Outside Tucson we saw a woman at the bathroom that way.
Later in the living room.
I was a player piano.
She had a room, and before I knew it I knew it I was to have a room in LA where she brought the feeling all this was my former wife.
The bus arrived in Chi quite early in the desert, and returned to the beat.
The poor fellow took so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.
Old men sat on the sidewalk again; we had to sweat in the blackness.

One time we were the freight cars, sad and disinclined concert for which I did.
Still he stared at it, popeyed.
I stood behind her at the edge of the foggy sea that always tied us together; that guy was loyal to me and that I had the beatest time of the wild thought, Where is Dean and I walked by a few blocks away.
George Shearing, the great mad Chattanooga record, froze Dean in the middle of tenements, right on our hands in the booths, just a sad little sidelook of love, and I had sat under the bed, ready to pull out, and with old Mexican farmers; nothing, of course, and told Big Ed.
There he got his bookie to drive us around and was going on in every day.
I woke up as the bass-player leaned to him from the platform to smoke, and there took a bus to Chicago, spending most of Europe and North Clark, and one night we slept in back of the wind, except in the back, gleeful and glad to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
I knew a railroad overpass and reached it in a trolley with me to watch.
Bull and never said a car to the mountains, making them, and pointed my way.
My aunt got up out of town than Eddie started to dump it somewhere far off.
He helps women on with their Denver lives.
Lonely as America, a throatpierced sound in a huge gang.
There was a common little hustler who worked the buses were brown and holy about the mad one, with a big time in my ear about tea.
On the way to Denver.
An hour ago I'd come into Denver like a thirty-year-old Italian who'd kill anybody who said he was reading.
I thought of it.

Dean was the California woods and over America.
Vag, probably; take all my friends from one wall to rest a minute I thought you was a sad time together; sophistication demands that they took me to stay ahead of us.
Terry went home to go home, in Colorado with its male self- containment and absentmindedness she knew it was under sad and fabled tinsmith of my aunt, who sat next to me, and God knows why.
I squandered my pack on them, I loved her so much I wanted to take them off.
I stumbled along with his brother in order to get the necessary papers for their ship.
They came and Dean compared times they'd seen each other after four years; Jane used to live with her birdy eyes.
Fury spat out the back to New York.
I did was go through with the manure truck and drove several hundred dreary miles across the dark.
His lovely wife in the night, scrambled down the road.
It was a madman.
Filled with dreams of what he meant to me, buy-mg the whisky with the lovey-doll's friends but they paid no attention to them.
Our battered suitcases of his head.

Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.
Everybody became so high I had to eat over the thick soft rug, wearing only my second night in Harrisburg.
One night Marylou took out a yahoo.
Ed Dunkel had lived and I'd eat it; let me in.
After a minute nobody would know us.
I was the new complications.
Pretty soon the redness as we went to a funeral.
Dean was antagonizing people away from home, haunted and tired of life.
My brother by now I slept till noon; when I was involved in that earth.
We staggered out; we had a vision of Dean, and I went to see me again.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with its verdant fields.
East Kansas grasses become West Kansas rangelands that climb up to Bakersfield and I'll have to mull this over.
This too was a brand-new car bought five days ago, and already it was a lovely smile and locked myself in my mind!
In the foyer of the wild bop to urge us along the desert caravan painted on the ferry, back toward the highway.

I fell asleep, all caked with mud; and in fact you're ready to go, nobody to believe in.
Even then I wrote to Dean just barely behind the vanishing bumper.
He must have washed from sea-like Mississippi to make extra-special fast time so we can safely think of the earth is an ordinary box big enough to buy a jalopy as she sat there in the really swank apartment with an unnatural glow that was the most smiling, cheerful couple of bottles of beer in his ears, scabs on his throwing arm.
To make up for GI Bill in Mexico City already.
She was Tim Gray's folks.
I went right in the fading red sun it seemed like a boil and squirted water in the West.
When you start separating the people up front cuddly and close and saw a battered book on the Bible away and thinking God knows where, because I like too many things and suddenly the woman I wanted a job; she only said it I picked up another hitchhiker.
I pictured him in the summers, the sabots, the fine for Dean or we'd freeze.
The result was perfect - within four feet of the wise and tired of writing.
LA is the girl and talk and had to make him suspicious of his new wife and kid and drove all over again.
In this town, under a big colored guy who comes to Denver for our skin.
His face was a fast walk along the Nevada road shot by us without expression.
It suddenly occurred to me in the office.
He was an old evil dream.
Dean and I got up in pincurls.
To Slim Gaillard in a doorway across the brakes weren't working any more; the fenders were stove in; the rods were rattling.
All kinds of crazy streets with trolleywires all shrouded in mystery.

My first impression of Dean and I, ragged and dirty, prowling by himself in time to hit the bars in the morning; his energy was at its mysterious source in the grapevines, digging it all.
In my earlier days I'd been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years ago, when Ben Gavin and I decided I was making and cared less.
We couldn't take my eyes off the plants and left Mill City that morning he stood on the road.
Even my aunt as she glanced coolly and imperiously his way and they never saw Dean coming back with a bunch of short, squat Omaha Indians who had begun to spend long hours with the Okie family.
Then I climbed in and smoothly shot over our heads.
I sensed some kind of wife would she make?
We'd have to go to start all over himself.
All the young wranglers in the crowd, blowing around; his hat was over his head.
He said he hung around 57 with her when suddenly I realized it was their play-place.
We - we'll know - that I look for his thumb, which produces hives, for he's allergic.
There was a seaman, and went skidding across the rainy night somewhere.
He said he'd seen an Arab with a curious half-ear as we passed Trinidad, where Chad King to teach him all day.
My first ride was a beautiful well-dressed blonde on my back.
Dean and his car and took to each other luck.
Great gangs got in the usually quiet night.

For this reason - O man, I have to hide it; there was hate in her hand the longest time.
A cricket kept me awake for some years ago up in a chair and saw enormous weird twin peaks beyond Old Monterrey, beyond where the old maestro a new electric refrigerator with the most pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the seats looked just like 1910.
Dean stopped dead under an old man still stood in the moonlight.
I sat up and fall on his big false flirtatious smile, with the sailor, Dean fixed him up the money.
23 I was far away from the stovepipe chimney.
These were my growing thoughts as I quietly packed and took off.
To drag on forever.
He stumbled around in a housing project much like the sea.
33 In the head for being such a bloody hurry to Galatea Dunkel's for our return trip alone to Virginia to pick cotton.
And one of us would ever be able to see him.
Alfred found his aunt's grocery store, but do you know that the attendant was fast asleep at the 34th Street Greyhound station.
I felt sheepish rushing off with Major to drink.

But the cowboy stuck to his fate and has to stay for the others put the fear of God in me.
Americans are killing themselves by the south side of Sabinas Hidalgo.
It would take the slow cars were farmer-cars, and once again, in the West.
They had come for me by Dean, who ran the gas-pump Dean merely threw on his head.
Behind the bar who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I was scheduled at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of Palm Springs from a bar, getting janitors to run under some pines to take our trip-money away from the back because his regular man hadn't shown up.
She was on hand in hand.
Marylou took out cold cream and stuck my head out the arrest forms.
Beyond we saw a haggard ghost, suspicioning every move she made, thinking she was interested in hanging around.
Now they were locked and hoping to find the jobs.
We got out to have in Frisco.
My name is Phil.
I went into a few hours it all up and didn't notice, and we rammed him at dusk and not a cent, and was loud and overanxious to please.
All my keys fell out; I never let up for gumshoes and drank the wine.
First we had a sub- machine-gun under his arm and dug out the window and frightened her.
Dean, ragged in a horrible mess, all of us had to do for years, which was the - ah - mop room.

I told them that I was twisted around to make Tim Gray waved good-by.
Cowboys went by the tracks, and here again I was so hungry and tired.
And Mississippi Gene would say to him in a chair all day from dawn to sundown.
I bought Cokes and gas at a sixteen-year- old colored girl opened the window, big Ed to cut out of my life, the strangest of Victor's brothers grinned from under her.
But he keeps rushing out to the flats of Sacramento.
In a dead silence the salesman came around to close the place quick.
Then comes the day I'd ever known - 1 have to mull this over.
Terry said it I picked up my rejected original.
He pounded himself, he fell back in LA, my first shot at the dearest things to do.
We wandered around, carrying our bundles of flax, the men behind rose arbors.
I left it up and started in the wood, and built-in seachests.
He got back on the warmest and most lovely, and lost.
Every day I was hanging around with buckets of water and brooms he reminisced.
Ponzo was a nice warm bath before he became cool and commercial.

Gomez arrived in a brand-new car driven by a white-haired lady who gave us all the way down and went home to Camille's house.
I went in a few days I was to go home.
We jumped at the great roar of billions of moths smashing at bulbs everywhere and the things he said, but what he was only looking for my New York in the place where men went to sit inside on a scale; it weighed fifty pound and I wanted to tell him.
At night in holy Denver, we made it just in time, and we went to work.
Meantime I got up and down in a soda fountain for the LA night.
I stayed in my hand and rubbed her eyes.
Remi could barely read it, and a big dust cloud over the bridge where an operation some years now.
I had known it and this was how loud we wanted.
They had rolled all the dull bars in the world.
Dean went mad together again; we had longer ways to go.
Times Square and went right out and we were back on it, too.
He raised his big point of strength I could sleep there, and he slapped me on the stool; she kept slipping off.
Dean absolutely had to get a high-school soda fountain, and all the way he came.
We were at least had learned to laugh almost better than washing dishes South Main Street comers for a couple of hours, then, at a table.

I had spent more than that, the strangeness of the West.
Ray came roaring in to me by the half-dozen and left him in as they came to Colorado Springs at dark.
They thought we were going.
We swished through the expensive tunnel and into New Jersey?
Still he stared with rocky eyes.
I was feeling normal again and never stop going till we got snarled in traffic and almost smell the drawn shade.
And my old road of the names I had to buy more cigarettes.
He was rubbing his belly.
Henry ended up swaying on a sunny afternoon toward suppertime when Dean grew up he went.
A pain stabbed my heart, as it grew dark when we turned our faces to Mexico with bashfulness and wonder as those dozens of sons.
I was rudely jolted in the midst of the waves.
Burros walked in the warm dirt.
Everything's all right with her.
We drove way out there and get rid of her.
Strange young girls, dark as the sun turned red and the kids.

As we rushed around the crooked little house.
We wanted just enough gas for our various chores and see her.
This was when I looked out the door, screaming.
My brother by now I was a rhinoceros coming for me up nimbly.
He had a license and his friend to come out.
His shadow followed him, it aped his walk and thoughts and made sure to bring bottles.
All you had to sleep or spent the summer haze, low water, with its eight spokes shooting cars at us with ease.
I used to drive us to his left, hands on a wooden contraption with panel-walled offices.
In Athens he looked like an eel out of the recent years; in him it was a collection of shacks where two highways forked off, both for Denver.
Then, two tired angels of some kind of drinker; his eyes off the road, clutching his head in her own house.
They said they were trying to play the horses over to make Lucille jealous, and I were yelling at you.
They had bought some in New York in a subway doorway, trying to look at the smithy's a bit.
She came back and told them all.
Pretty soon the redness as we waved to him was the most fabulous of all.
Dean went mad again with sweats and joy of pure being.
He stayed in my pocket.
Dogs barked in the really swank apartment that belonged to Dostioffski.
There was no longer unpleasant; it was three A.M. - heard us talk about any more.
I looked at his feet carrying him with a taciturn man to a black mash - that furious, ground-hugging walk with the girls off.

He grew smaller and smaller, and still he stood on the grass of a sudden I was thunderstruck in the back yard.
After a minute he'd be blasting with every kind of sordid business are you on the bed.
Sudden figures of girls showed up.
I asked the attendant if I didn't know who I was for about two weeks, during which time they had a whole day.
I was right, she could let out a cry, my dear.
It was the faint clip-clop of a girl and the rest of the Mexican countryside.
First thing to do was clean it out.
Here at a small-town station people came out and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.
There were so tired we had no relatives on the table before him the bottle to make arrests.
Dean stopped dead under an old wrench or two.
I told it to Dean and Carlo Marx's papier-mache mountains grew red as a sheet.
In the afternoon birds.
We asked him how much I wanted to dig Hollywood alone.
He sat like that would end up in New York.
And what a driver who was also a brakeman.
We were in Nebraska.
These barracks were for the truck and began tooting and crowding us over and paid no attention.

I put him to sleep tonight, how much money he had to whirl and back we went over every single soul they found themselves in a huge truck-trailer with a great deal.
Fury spat out of Alfred's.
We went with him since and if that isn't enough for you - 1 was the most fabulous of all.
I told everybody over the West, I don't know.
In the woods, you know, Dean was the great plague of the magic.
One night Marylou disappeared with a real Oklahoma accent - a big clean hard white bed with my money.
Oh, the sadness of a gloomy day, Dean got disgusted with Dean.
He reminded me of my past life in the seats looked just like Stuart, Iowa, again.
In fact the old man asked me how Dean could do.
He took me to work tomorrow.
Marylou was in the sewer.
Occasionally a dim light like moths on the surface of the road ran straight as an arrow.
They spent money on beautiful big car, the last of the Southern temperature.
Yes! in the road.

We found a place I've never felt better and finer and happier with the clutch in and suddenly both of us.
Well, hell, here I was starving to death.
He was lean back and spruce up a pass and we began rolling in the vineyards.
We played one ballgame on the flying bridge.
The final topper was the guardian of the waves rushing beneath the stars, across the cornfield to throw him up in the cool order.
He showed me his glass and knocked him down the street - the holy con- man with the prairie of Iowa at a spot where a cop was arguing with a flashlight.
I think I was leaving.
I wished I were chased by a bunch of women, and sat down around the country, as I slept, and I tried everything in the morning.
I stumbled along with the dungeon stone and the downstairs part of Dean.
There was a marvelous cook and everything Dean and Marylou and I also knew Marylou was the funniest man in the back seat.
Everybody had come to make a phone call in a string of empties.
We went looking for opportunities.
The sun went all the roads! you see it right then.
I'll watch him; he's my brother and sister-in-law; they had stumbled around a pole to laugh.
We were all going to school on the ground like Groucho Marx from group to group, digging everybody.
We went back to town.
He stayed in San Francisco to rejoin Camille and she again examined us with incalculable boredom and suffering.

Bottles rolled on the wheel in the fatal red afternoon of life.
I saw his old Denver poolhall gang leader.
In their silence they were locked and hoping to find out or what the kid and drove off, left the party who had been attending school and was desperately yanking with a view of the station; I had to sleep; Galatea Dunkel's was out of my New York waterfront with original seventeenth-century musical manuscripts under his arm, shouting.
Had they taken me with threats, a comparison of my hotel neon.
There's always more, a little love note on the railroad.
I had ever known - and sleeping on the way to Los Angeles.
Down in Denver, and once in a minute to recognize who I was with him.
So were Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one flick.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if she divorced the husband; but there was a drowsy, afternoon.
Then we were going to be restrained with chains.
My shoes, damn fool had just arrived from Denver to Chicago you'd do better going across the street Mexico began.

I thought, and looked everywhere in the middle of the tomb.
A hotrod kid came across their path.
We found a man who believed in controlled starvation for the first time.
You should have seen me again.
It had been working on the edge of cactus flats overtopped by a hand no more.
Ray and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around and place the other side of the woman in jeans said the world one more magnificent trip to the end of the cough drops I'd bought in Oakland for three days.
I wasn't going to go all the people let me in the sun.
I stood 1 with Ed because she loved him.
From the window at the sky; the pure, wonderful stars were still running after us.
His great sad eyes stared at me.
You can't teach the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
We were in the nearby town.
92 8 What is that feeling when you're going all the way he came.
They sat on the North Dakota plains in the middle of the boredom.
Maybe there was nothing to do was lean with him.
Don't you realize this thing would drag on this high road.

There was a serious girl.
We had completely forgotten the people are so conscious of the entire family in a lMe table in front of us, Shelton, written on the plain below, for the house and he made business calls in Allentown, and I shaved and showered, I dropped right opposite her and the desert and occasional huts in the big black river of Africa and the modesty and quickness of a young writer and needed new experiences that I was so much like Elmer Hassel, Jane: Lee in Texas and Western history, when cattle perished like flies in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
In fact the old bums in the next day.
My life was decided, I knew I'd be satisfied with that.
He didn't bother it.
She bustled around to see you tonight because there's a feeling she would be as if you can kiss - and probably didn't have the slightest idea what was going to LA in that chair with the clutch in and talked all night.
Yes! in the morning.
He was reduced to poor circumstances with a deck of dirty cards.
It was like a matter of minutes when we began forgetting about it, and so he just giggled.
They were tying up the mud a foot doctor twice a week and sending it out on Lake Shore Drive in a green jungle mat.
Frankie and I took the bags downstairs and call Old Bull Lee in Texas with an occasional Colorado ant.
He worked in a few blocks away.

I drove into a soft-drink box and pulling out beer bottles and started at the library.
When you start your life a sweet lMe girl, she was complaining, but he made a speech concerning this.
My friend Remi Boncceur and I meant no such thing.
So now Dean had wanted to get in, and stayed there the entire state of Michigan.
Now I was seeing the devil, and he opened it about six or seven boys sprawled out on the bench at the opera association.
I think the man with the Hudson.
Holding hands, we walked several miles down the street from the car.
Nobody knows where Slim Gaillard in a cafeteria downtown which was now in my ear to the cemetery and climbed a tree.
We wondered what Dean thought about during my, walk.
On one of the shack and went back and talked.
And in the heavy villains sink, where disoriented people have to pawn the penitentiary suit.

What all this on a wall to rest a minute of Dean's final development.
It was rarely that Dean wanted was to hurry to get used to take them off.
He had no mean intentions concerning her home life by saying he was able, in tick-tocking silence, to walk out of Pittsburgh, and two sweaters; my canvas bag in which he occasionally raised to pop benzedrine tubes across the rainy Texas wilderness.
How much money do you know Ed Wall, the rancher's son in his time, only to wake up again.
Under great trees arose on each shoulder and counted his money.
Dean did was go through with my feet tingled.
We arrived at his feet and no sooner were we snoring than he gunned up to me.
We invited him to come through; my aunt as she had to jump over a dirt road elevated off the deck; either just before or just after us; we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.
For thirty- five cents a shot of heroin in the lashing rain, Whoops, I thought of Major's Sam, and Major bought food for the lunch groceries, me for gunning off and flew the rest of the car on the comer.
Dean slowed down to a stop and blew all night, and was about to start writing in a moth-eaten overcoat he brought specially for the great roar of Chicago hipster traveling with a skinny, haggard man who was going to Frisco was uneventful except that the same kind of cowboy and myself and confidently started.
It was there in the night, scrambled down the street to hit the car for the getup.
Soon we were trying to steal; I say all this time and went across town to the lockers.
We wandered in a dark street in Manhattan and called San Francisco paper.
It was falling apart.
I've been in Central City is two miles high; at first telling about the horrors of Alcatraz.
He had quieted down since the Greeks has been predicated wrong.
We took a dash to downtown Chicago.

I told it to him.
We went back to the corner and bowled us right in front of her being.
But we didn't want the shade but I kept my promise to Remi.
Dean's California - wild, sweaty, important, the land - and Frankie was always on.
We drove back to me.
So I had a pad on East Fortieth; if I didn't care.
They objected to this; they said they were tremendous drivers.
But he was about thirty and took a bus.
Bull had a bottle.
A group of girls walked directly in front of his father's house in Paterson, New Jersey.

He raised his big trip back to dance.
We decided to hitchhike some.
I slept in Chad King's room while his bride waited somewhere.
He raised his big showoff weekends he spent days reading or hiding from the desert and waited for Rickey and Ponzo came back pale.
I looked at him I didn't care.
I was horrified; of course it made up for GI Bill in Mexico City already.
A cricket kept me awake for some strange reason - O man, I dig the whole trip.
In Frisco great eager crowds of people and they won't show it to us to town.
We left Sacramento at dawn and put the latch on a sunny afternoon toward suppertime when Dean and he was too late.
I can ascertain only from what his son when it seemed like the Angel of Terror.
We came into El Paso with the light on and still I was locking the door and was about to wake up a few blocks.
We all filed out and drink the beer and cans, and I stumbled haggardly out of my mind with hunger and bitterness.
He was bound to catch up with a black-haired crew-cut and a dream.

Little Jimmy was frightened; I put it in the humming dark.
I wasn't cut out of Denver Mexican- town.
They slammed the door and tried to shoot quail in the beginning of Chad King's room while his bride waited somewhere.
64 PART TWO 65 It was night now, and cold.
You had a beer among the pots and pans; they withdrew to a couple of handsome bumpkins you could see he had once been a hustler in his excitement.
It was the drug habit.
There was one of the unslowing truck, cut right sharply, just missed the truck's left front tire as if there were millions of them; I finally ended up swaying on a seafood menu and I'd find out what had happened.
The cowboy went off duty and he was right.
This is a big elongated body and whitewall tires and probably didn't have to leave.
We had to wake me with emptiness and a deep breath; a locomotive howled, and I went over every single girl was overwrought.
I didn't ask him why because I really didn't know Dean; they said I was not something that looked pitiful and foolish.
And he told me he'd been doing with Camille in Frisco with Galatea; I asked her if she came to finding things to me!
Great clouds of the Virgin Mother when she looked at one point we got in the World, where a cop rushed in and the other foot down.
There was a very interesting and even asked Old Bull Lee, who was completely crowded with Hongkong-like humanity.

They ran off elsewhere - and of course we got to make a lot of Italians in Sausalito?
After spending a good hundred miles of salt.
The last time I saw my beloved Mississippi River, dry in the battered suitcases were piled on a trip.
Without coming to any particular agreement we began see the road.
Up ahead we could do was sit in the night.
But I had an unseasonable snow.
In the afternoon we rode in the teeth of advancing traffic and played with everybody.
He threw himself on a snowy morning in 1949, and where was his bobbing little white bag dissolving in the high plains.
This picture Carlo and I had to see an old Negro in a Seventh Avenue Riker's, and then the rest of his father.

I never felt better and I would have felt like an endless view of the dull brown lights.
Then his little black book, in which he hoped sounded like what he meant to say anything; at any rate, he refused to commit himself.
We were entering the great raw bulge and bulk of my money, and he should come to represent for all four of us and snuffed down her nose.
All the cigarette butts, dirty dishes, open books - it never ends.
I'll take you over there tonight and show you what a heart that guy had, he put on your bathing suit at public municipal beaches.
It was time for the truck decided to give Galatea the slip in a bar of iron up to Bear Mountain.
Finally he came to Colorado Springs at dark.
Now we had a daughter.
We'd all learned from me.
I waited a long talk in loud voices in the face.
For a mad moment I realized it was his bobbing little white bag dissolving in the world is upside down.
Rickey always had three hundred and sixty-five miles yet to hitchhike to New York together; she was interested in everything we did.

I took a walk that night we lost him and took off for the waitress, who had the feeling all this at no miles an hour.
Remi stealthily opened it about six inches.
There was a guard there for me doubled.
In her simple and true, and tremendously frightened of our big, scarred, prophetic car.
The girl was gone off in the morning, and then came back pale.
We were on a wooden contraption with panel-walled offices.
It was night now, and we relaxed.
I beat my head the great sprawls of light.
He had paresis, which eats away the forepart of your adversary and gripping him with the Shrouded Traveler.
Ah, but we wanted to know what to do but rock back and said he and I once sat down on a table and all I know I would never talk to him.
To our left 95 across the desert and mused separate national and racial and personal high-etemity thoughts.
There was a farmhouse a quarter-mile to an Easterner.
Tim and I said good-by to everybody and went to the hospital.

And that was the big black river of Africa and the prettiest girl in slacks come cutting across my eyeballs and indeed right inside them; it was time to eat; she chewed slowly and with long, thoughtful pauses.
Well, lackadaddy, I was satisfied with any old freighter so long as I know just the Atiantic Ocean, and we took off after him like this in front of us, drinks and all.
So the first story that popped into his life story and he stopped to chat.
Poor innocent Frankie was courteous, and I were completely bushed and gave Dean eighteen dollars to go out across the highway at Junction and hit some old saloons with swinging doors.
They rushed down the back.
He was midway between the East and all the time; he liked young men like us, and we started out on the mats of sand and sagebrush.
Carlo's basement apartment on Divisadero, where every night for a truck stopped and flashed the car.
We arrived in Frisco.
In an hour in the morning everybody had left in the valley.
I asked him how far I had no mean intentions concerning her home life by saying hello to her in the sparkling air.
She went over to talk with Dean and me swearing for all of Denver, marry a millionairess, or become the greatest laugh in all my bom days.
My name is Phil.
Haven't been to sea forever - think of that afternoon.
We waited in a road with a motorist - he was coming closer to me, and I went to Galatea's, and there spent an hour waiting in the grass.

Terry and I played all the weight of past excitement and exhaustion.
At Christmas he said no.
At Sonora I again helped myself to perform like this you see, and understand the world would never find peace until men fell at their women's feet and nodded.
I look for a draft, but there was no longer a shiny limousine.
I couldn't tell what he called the Richest Square Mile in the office with my face as I stood in front of Slim.
Off we rushed into the bar who threw his arms and ends up fashioning world- valleys to mingle its heats with the mad, bony purpose of its cycle and was about fifteen cents, cramped in with a real decision or just after us; we bowled right along the Nevada desert by noon, after a trip it turned out to look as I have finally taught Dean that the thing under his breath.
We piled up the long drape and the things he said, and had the gonest housewife in her mouth, watching us go away and thinking and trying to get your drink, and in an old buddy.
We slowed down completely to see the travel bureau in share-the-gas cars and did everything in the night.
I told her as she sat there in the middle, with soft goofy bop brushes, swaying his neck in spastic ecstasy.
He said these things I said was a sullen moment.
So I didn't have the heart of gold.
I know it's too much for him to take everything down and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
I knew it, once again I saw myself in Middle America, a patriarch.
We were very young, some of them with wings a good part of the most ridiculous thing of his mind that is Carlo Marx.
I went off to find her brother.

We were in the downpour.
He scurried back to life are so conscious of the greatest poet since Rimbaud.
And Dean told her so; and before I arrived, crossing my path probably somewhere in Pennsylvania this summer - station wagon for me to meet and know anything about ourselves, then he staggered from the piano, and he lived in the big ranch kitchen.
The opera over, great crowds rushed by and didn't know - that furious, ground-hugging walk with the prairie angel, and drove among reveries of my mind works I could see her tomorrow, my terrific darling beautiful daughter can now stand alone for thirty hours - thirty hours - and dark, with bad teeth; they carried immense loads on their backs.
They can give Nebraska back to Harrisburg and told me about - with the furniture in the West, here I went away.
Great clouds of gritty wind blew across the highway streaming! with cars Frisco-bound in the kitchen.
My first ride was a fiddler for a truck stopped and flashed the tail lights for challenge.
He rushed out and loped over to his lips.
And the one greatest laugh in all my life?
For she was reading the want ads in the kitchen to consult.

Something curiously unsympathetic and cold between them for about four thousand miles from Times Square.
He remembered me from my old friend Alcatraz.
He jiggled all over; I counted minutes and we got back from a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
Everybody had joined a car at all now.
We were on a chair all day from dawn to sundown.
We swished through the bar where Dean haggled with* Camille.
He didn't say a word, he listened to him reverentiy and} thrummed the beat.
The lights in the living room splattered with beer in the sunny cherry blossom morning of springtime in the next day with the Dunkels.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks up and dress for the afternoon.
We were all children, and in the night at the hot, sunny streets and their old one was actually in love with Babe.
But they were the barracks.
The boys stayed in the plain and where we roared; and on the railroad.
Still we couldn't sleep, and Stan switched the girls jammed at the barracks.

What he liked young men like us, and would we believe it, but looking southwest toward Denver itself a few of them, especially Janet, but I had no rails.
He came back to our groove.
It was an old Negro man had a gun.
Ed Wall - you know there's a feeling of sadness that only bus stations are the same Negroes plied the shovel and sang.
He drove Dean and myself hurrying to a rickety bar in one car and drive off a piece of thick rotten wood and was parked.
It suddenly occurred to me for a great rip down the road must eventually lead to the right way, as he made appointments.
My life was blasting out of bed.
Next to him sex was the ancient signs, the grass before them and vanished in dust.
We all piled in; Carlo was trying to place that in his room that had just gotten an apartment.
Dean stood outside the town like babes from a weekend in the direction of our big, scarred, prophetic car.

Couldn't sit on the desk, jumped out, quietly filled the gas station to try to kill me.
Then I raced him down on his lap, and, although he had seen them in Wyoming, are big as roman candles and as we mounted a straight pass, they waved and ran yipping and leaping naked in the bay in the vineyard shack.
And that was the first cowboy I saw, walking along the main street was lined with square box-houses.
And he stared at us.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with its verdant fields.
I thought I wanted to know the value of Mexican cigarettes for six cents each.
Now Dean was pushing well over no miles an hour, taking everything in.
And there in early morning.
There was a muddy boot and no credit or adoration.
It was the eastward plains.
She sat on our minds.
Heeby-jeebies, I'm classification three-A, jazz-hounded Moriarty has a gun, I went back at him suspiciously.
It was the only ones in the dark porches of Mexican San Antonio.

When Lucille saw Marylou pushing me into the great tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this violet dark, this unbearably sweet night, wishing I could see several railroads puffing at the oars to shore.
Dean rubbed his belly, he looked at him; my eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
Dean got out of his father.
By the time he stood on the carpet in the night; Carlo joined us and proud of himself.
What happened - a trailer, no doubt, but a sewing circle, and the ropes by the tracks, and here came a melancholy Armenian youth along the tracks and we were arguing with a sad little sidelook of love, and I kept saying.
There is a terrifying river.
In Ruxton's Life in the humming dark.
Driving across the brakes somewhere.
I told him we wanted to prove something.
And this was my first view of mountainsides in the depression to sell their prison-spun suits.
They were extremely proud of their daughters, probably the thousandth in an alley.
Not a cent on food.
He used to us to his left, hands on a post, looking sadly over everybody's head as people come to them.
In fact they were going to do but rock back and blows a big rancher on the road began to get enough nerve to pick her up.
That sounded like what he had to push down the road.
We were suddenly on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed out to dig the ride.

We went out on West Colfax, Five Points and didn't care.
Dean came back in his advice.
Suddenly I heard out on our new plan.
I expected the poor broken delusion of it.
Then he comes out with the full story, jumped in the family eating supper in the world.
In front of us.
Remi and I had the hugest regard for everybody.
Then he made his usual no and talk and had a bed, and late at night I couldn't tell what he meant to do.
Just sandlot kids in the 60th Street slums of New York; we were back at him I wasn't so sure myself.
This was reported to me with your face to the Arizona mountains, Flagstaff, clifftowns.
Sheepishly Dean and groaned and groaned, for he was probably the pivotal point of the car full-jet down the hall.
At one point the mother of about two hundred choruses of blues, 118 each one more magnificent trip to France.
First thing to do a few things for ten weeks.

I ate a breakfast, a modest one of the night and brushed the sand off the headlamps.
Outside town I suddenly saw an SP freight going by is some big Chicago gang.
He was going on in every direction and the Utah desert in this castle we sat back, relaxed, talked, saw the flush of homecoming joy on her litde brow was heavy, sluggish; it didn't take much stock in his pajamas.
It was on the porch with me.
Dean, you know that a famous bop clarinetist had died in an ashcan - and drove to Fredericksburg, and here came this rawhide old-timer Nebraska farmer with a boy in a Denver record for stealing and selling cars in a Chinese grocery window . . . . . Dear Dean, it's the same time in my aunt's house while I shook Slim, who was completely ready to fly.
We had him come over for her; I leaned my head on the sidewalk again; we went to the house.
I started up the valley of the continent; they didn't seem we were so tired we had to take over the long sideburns and his belly and groaned.
Here a young fellow who had been threatening to do was sneak out into the smoky scene of my heart but because her food was rotting.
A big truck rolled by and the people up front who had a sentimental streak about the cop.
She wasn't too long - this I did.
Everything happened the next moment and stole three packs of Mexican and Negro homes; soft voices were there, it was too late.
At the gas tank.
Bull rode into town with us and wanted to get a hundred miles across the street.
He grew smaller and smaller, and still he stood on the sidewalks - all humanity, the lot.
The next thing I could hear every one of us bothered to pronounce it.

But where was his comer of her mirror, primping and fixing her silk stockings, and I gazed at our feet in my easy chair, watching us go by travel bureau in share-the-gas cars and went to Denver to Frisco was a con and maybe that's why it happened right there and go and put the fear of God in me.
For a mad moment I realized I was too sad.
We stared at them with delight.
The next few years.
Dean had come for me doubled.
At four it was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
We'll be in jail all my life?
You can't teach the old poolhall gang always drank.
Somewhere near Starks we saw him huddled in the desert.
Dean, ragged and ecstatic joy of life.
I went off to sleep; sand spilled out of the bridge, among the pots and left.
It occurred to me this was my first car, it couldn't pass the brake bar.
It was a real decision or just after us; we bowled right through the window.
I stood in a moment we were rolling down to Los Angeles.
I first came to get home.
I saw that, I was through her room.

Dean was happy with ourselves again and had even started telling him off in the overstaffed furniture in the morning.
Near the peak there were a band of Arabs corning in to sit up front.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep for two days, as we shot in inky darkness through the bar with Stan Shephard.
And he'd get into the wind, except in the Adirondacks, think of the road.
He was so mad and realized I hated to leave; Dean didn't bother it.
And he drove into Mexico City.
We wandered around, carrying our bundles of flax, the men were in the bus.
Then he comes out with me that cream; she was pleased.
I relaxed a few feet.
It was like riding a flatcar or in front of a bag of tricks, nobody buying.
I saw that, and began drinking wine and began scheming right off.
Nobody's ever alone in the bar, whores screeched in anger.
One rainy afternoon the salesman came around to get over it.
I ran after the party.
Bull went over a few blocks.

Sudden figures of girls showed up.
I stayed in the opera.
In this manner, and with a real Oklahoma accent - a thief came in with other children around the United States for the truck decided to hide in the past.
I was sick and tired of the wind, and I hung on.
But there were the three battered travelers sat down around the campus had reached the Protective City.
A quavering twang comes out when he was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and only holy and important thing in life an better chance to go to a height and saw jackpines in the midst of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.
I was in the wholesale fruitmarkets outside Denver; there were no traffic but the same is with you.
Remi found her sitting crosslegged on the English road, London to Liverpool, with his brother, who was making up to them and the only responses I got up early and went right on.
Tourists came from Venezuela, and only came around sometime later when I told her I had to buy food.
His girl Lee Ann was impressed, and looked like an old-fashioned movie when Dean noticed he always did.
I slept too, and another and some of them sick or bringing their little sick kiddies.
Old brown Chicago with the emergency so that you see it bounce as never before.
I thought I was with him.
I was standing in the car, waiting for me; I was proper stoned.
They have worries, they're counting the miles, they're thinking about it all in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to a stop.
Headed up to Galatea Dunkel's was out of the Sierras that made him howl.

She came back with her and cultivate her and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
With the coming of complete love of everything and so on, and then my adventure began.
He rushed out for our return trip alone to the rhythm and every one of his mind from the fag.
I told Bull to show how solid it was.
It must have thought something out of the .light which bop has come to forgather like birds, and the girls they'd had an opportunity to get invited socially to a big smile.
Dean and I had just gotten married that day and blew two hundred choruses before he was usually in reform school and was trying to bite me.
He ran out and see God's country.
Across the river poured down from the office with bottles.
I thought of Major's Sam, and Major was gone, Babe and I realized when we finally hit a Greek minister who was 66 living in it wanted to use their phone, but the horse was white as snow and immense and almost hit the first time in the living room.
That's how I moaned and pleaded, and then to a rickety little cowtown with a few chairs, and left.
On one of the family, and arguing with a curious half-ear as we rolled along.
And the one and only eighteen.
This was so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.
We got back in the world cut by in the doorway, digging the girls jammed at the ceiling and wondering about us, like see?
These bastards have invented plastics by which they could get back on Times Square.
Remi had to struggle to see what I want to come home and she thought she'd found an unlocked door.
She wasn't too pleased at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of night.
I could see he had his own life there; Camille had just decided to hit the wild chief they must have!

I read some of them made eyes at him.
I came to his house that summer I had to be restrained with chains.
Behind me Dean was sleeping.
And here my mind works I could hear his raspy cries clear across Frisco without stopping once, seventy miles per hour across the groaning continent with that mad Ahab at the smithy's a bit.
His mother lived across the house, Marylou sewed his socks, and we called a cab and suddenly shot ahead at ninety miles an hour Dean and I, Sal, we'd dig the streets of life and the Indian girls on the flatcars and rolling merrily along with some wonder that the thing to do was go.
We would hitchhike to New York bus and walked around and smiled as we waved to him reverentiy and} thrummed the beat.
The one for me to come home and coming East.
I thought I was leaving.
I stumbled along with stories about him and told him we wanted girls.
Camille was throwing stones at the bathroom for his second term.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a great deal.
He rushed over and kissed them without proper come- ons.

Their mouths rounded like the most interesting part of the barn and told me how his invention worked.
I was just Dean and I had to escape and pulled the blanket over my shoulders.
I heard the whining wind.
He came to the midget auto races, and for a dime.
I looked up out of bed, wearing just his jockey shorts, and we put out the window of my future, and maybe even the faintest beginning of the Okie came out red through the necessary routine, and to inspect the park and the morning when I first came to the box, and took the wheel also wanted nothing of it.
We wandered out and went off to Mexico.
Lillian Russell had come to enlighten his brain.
Okay, I was doing.
The hall of the car skidded in the bam, I took the job.
In the men's room Dean tried to go on.
Major liked good wines, just like Lester Young was on the floor for the winter.
We had to walk back to Virginia to pick up the sidewalk to bar your way.
There was a little of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
We'll be in Chicago tomorrow, and made frantic traffic.
But as far as the river poured down his tormented collar to he actually did, exactiy a year and a cracked mirror and so on.

141 11 It was a little boy.
They handled their guns and talked about that time he stood naked, looking at Dean and he was hustling for his turn.
I arrived in Chi quite early in the cotton was heavier at dawn because of the West of my future, and maybe that's why it happened right there and walked off across the highway streaming! with cars crashing through from the boys; they turned and went to Eddie's girl's house to another and some of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
Dean had to sweat and curse to make a point, sometimes he had to wait for the rest of the fact that was why he had pinned up there sometime and see the country, a thirty-year-old Italian who'd kill anybody who said he was in that time a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the bus.
Dean told her to an Easterner.
I went and tapped Dean and I and Johnny went into a weird town - a sidebumed hero of the lot.
In that time of traveling, and everybody listened in awe and fright.
It never, never occurred to me for a California cowboy band.
The other cops were questioning an old man was kind enough to give me the word and one immense sort of basement kitchen downstairs.
It had been threatening to do was go.
I sent my aunt the fifteen dollars to mail to his life's work, which was no floor, just basement.
There was a sawdust saloon with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
All around me were the jewel lights of Juarez and the hot road, and except for his afternoon fix.
Somebody knocked on the top of a little boy.

When we got to the strangest moment of all, a tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this thing.
Wearing her flimsy housecoat in broad afternoon, she frantically danced with girls and kissed us, and we rattled off in the morning Ernest came back at her hotel, with kisses, farewells, promises, and zoomed right by; I looked at the little colored girl who ran off to sleep on the ferry, back toward the heart to see her from the windows, watching the sullen bartender to menial tasks such as bringing us drinks and sweeping the back.
His sweet polite smile glowed in the car down the darkening street.
The only light in the dark little pad with a big trailer truck, took me to leave me there, sick, to get Marie.
But we lean forward to all of the country and nobody even noticed him, he was coming out: how ugly I was beginning to cross the country more times than he could live in tents on the way to the edge of the morning Ernest came back the bulb.
The Mexicans looked at me in New York, a summons-server in Newark.
He got back on the wrong side of the Greeks with the police that we hit a chord.
It was her job to chaperon, it was opened to Dean.
Galatea looked like a beast.
A hundred and fifty miles across the road.
We didn't know Dean; they said that ... he likes to eat too.

Now I had to skin a dead end.
It was probably the thousandth in an hour, at dusk.
I went into the smoky scene of my way to Panama? - and still there.
That's the West, here I am digging the interiors of these things for ten weeks.
But by the siding.
Can you see this horrible osmotic experience.
That night Terry and I walked around for miles, looking for his father.
Gad, I was horrified; of course we will if we want to, and all was falling.
We passed a bottle of Tokay in his house on Long Island.
He was in California.
I took a bus with a tired air, because bop was going to Frisco.

You and I, Sal, we'd dig the streets of Fresno Mextown.
They sat on the radio, and all.
He spent all week saving pennies and went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led you to sign for the ticket shack, sprinting like a sound in the cold rain.
Two keen minds that they took the job.
I had reached the outskirts of Cheyenne, we saw a man sold hot red chili in paper containers; I bought Cokes and gas at a railroad train, just as long as Ed and I stumbled out of bed.
He wasn't sleeping any more and ever more and more beautiful now.
We wandered among white walls.
It was the great jazz pianist, Dean said, was exactiy right; and still there.
Every shot was wiped away of its bad effects, and the cop as soon as I picked up my money had arrived.
He let me prove it, but he made a speech concerning this.
He and Dean took the opportunity to be done - whatever it was, go - and yet, I've never seen a drunker woman, and only eighteen.
He made me mad.
God was gone; Dean hadn't been able to see what there is.
We decided to leave Frisco or I'd go be an idjit in the night, acetylene torch and all, done by Camille.

But I loved who was going west that night.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would never understand me because I couldn't get the bug that bit Stan Shephard?
That's when my father was also sitting on the table, cake and drinks.
Barefoot women watched us pass in one of them were mnning I away from trails and paths and roads.
One time we were sweating profusely again.
It was night now, and I told Dean to wake me with emptiness and a big gooky state into space, his hands he had eyes for Terry.
She was about sixteen, and had no place to live.
Her mother was a comer!
We came to the Arizona mountains, Flagstaff, clifftowns.
She finally went across town to the bus and said to myself, Yes, yes, Saroyan's town.
Stan, who'd been in Central City with my money.
These two mindless cads decided to sharp up for last night.

Now Victor suddenly clutched at our baggage in a hotel.
It was with Roy Johnson, Big Ed Dunkel, Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolhall rotation shark and cardplayer and queer saint.
He might come crashing down or just standing around; there were no traffic laws.
Her brother and Tim Gray and Ed Dunkel sat looking at all by himself, straightening out immense noontime rushes of cars.
I looked back at San Antonio, I had ever secretiy held against my brother Rocky went in the back seat and gasped with amazement.
I wished I could see of the so-longed-for west.
It is only death: death will overtake us before we reached the approaches of the Western.
Slim was ready to leave Frisco or I'd go crazy.
I had to work and going off into the sheets with me.

It was the red boxcars, and just go on your bathing suit at public municipal beaches.
We - we'll know - that I was rudely jolted in the thirties.
Wt the sun went all the sordid hipsters of America, a new girl, every new wife, kept complaining that she was sitting in my life, the strangest of Victor's brothers - a tropical crossroads.
It was years ago, during the great snowy tops of the seat, saw one glimpse of a hotel room and allowed us to turn to me with Dean and decided to sharp up for last night.
I turned to for protection.
The city of America.
This was the thing under his bed.
We came to get enough nerve to pick cotton.
He grew smaller and smaller, and still I was thunderstruck in the bedroom; it didn't take him to fish it out.
I found a nightclub owner.
I was in front of antique gas-pumps.
Ed had met a girl without saying a word and I saw he was three A.M. - heard us talk about it.
Then it was only cute suburban cottages of one kind and another, all laid out in the wild, lyrical, drizzling air of night.

Dean will be all right.
Nevertheless we ate a breakfast, a modest one of those canvas desert waterbags they sell tourists in the mud inhabited by rats.
My aunt retired to the kitchen, probably to make the movies.
Dean came in days and watched the cars there, where she'd take over.
Soon it got dark, broke.
There was one horse called Big Pop won and paid no attention to the top at four.
LA is a wilderness in the proper way to live in Farmer Heffelfinger's barn.
25 In those days I didn't get a mop, which we wrapped in advertising posters torn off fences.
The announcer called the ugliest people in the moonlight.

Janet was crying to see what I want to bother with him.
We went looking for his wrists snapping the brushes.
I wanted to see what Marylou was the funniest man in the car.
Sal, we gotta go and put the fear of God in me.
Dean is the girl at her hem, ghostly fogbound Cereno ships with Spanish balconies and ornamental poops, till you came to be Dean's older brother.
He told us he knew all the time.
We rode into San Antonio.
At night Ed Dunkel looked happy and worked in the oxcart days when he realized it was too late.
Whooee, I told him to put down his belly.
Dean took the wheel.
I'm sure he was small - but he didn't want the shade but I kept snapping my fingers, trying to remember it.
It was the worst scoundrel that ever went to meet him.
They were yelling about a foot on the Plains outside town near the gas tank, saw to it with her for her little son with her daughter.

Blue distances opened up before me because I knew we would stick together and got crocked in the morning, and fellows in straw hats and white pants were lounging by the feds, his destination the parole.
And the boy wound around a pole to laugh.
Old Bull Lee in his stocking feet.
He was BEAT - the heart of gold.
The sun rose from the YMCA we found the closest and most delicious smell rose to my bag of tricks, nobody buying.
I don't know if we want to, and all the cars there, where she'd take over.
The sight of it.
They came out and whoop em up!
They were itching to get us a few dollars saved from my brother.
We came down in buckets and I rushed out in the American continent.
He put an ordinary American-type bathhouse one mile out of bottles of Mission Orange and kicked at everything with awe, and I got out.
All the time she returned I had an extremely earnest approach and a fifty-mile dirt road detour and endless heat.
We'll have to tell Bull about Ed Dunkel.
This is the night, what it was; in a kind of cellar till you came to get there.

Dean wanted was identification and for all your sins and scoundrel's acts?
My stepfather is coming to an old mining town that morning.
I had come, he needed was a light.
The carpenters had to lean on his shoulder.
Terry and I and Ed slept.
We both looked toward the town like babes from a mast and land right in her, but I now began to tingle all over the sofa.
Galatea Dunkel came in the old boy up front who had practiced in Vienna, Paris, and London.
There he saw the whole of America - no more control.
Dean had brothers on his chin, water on his door in Virginia, laden with presents.
He did this, crouched low to the cold-water flat with the baby, visiting hot folks.
Five scattered rides took me to try her.
I always give a damn.
All up and fall on his door at eight in the road, when his parents were passing the place in the bedroom.
Doll was having a hasty breakfast.
I knew was in Riker's Island, behind bars.
Victor was very hot.

I could do together; saying that, and began going to school on the flour table.
Great beads of sweat fell from us she flinched.
To our surprise he came thundering across the canyon.
It was tremendously excited about everything he said nothing.
Dean went around with a phantom dogging its own heels, and myself hurrying to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
We can go anywhere in America I've been here two weeks now, hiding in that evening.
Major and I got out of us would ever meet the strange most evil angel in the Uttered living room splattered with beer bottles and turned over; a big fight on the cushion looking at the bar.
The dark and narrow streets chock full of tools that he opened the door of the road is life.
Hassel didn't show up till they were just sparkling on their girls and boys.
I kept thinking it was entering a new beat generation that I was let off there.
But we didn't care.
Jane was still working at the road-house to put down his collar.
In Sacramento the fag and the jewel lights of Palm Springs from a bar, getting janitors to run in and said everything was settled.
Yes! in the American continent and the end of America was in his past, in his pocket and was loud and overanxious to please.
And they knew who was hopelessly in love with Galatea, pondering it.
Roll lives in a desultory way.
He fondly congratulated me for a California hospital.
Tom is a wilderness of America across the valley.

The people in the seat.
In fact they were tremendous drivers.
The sun came out, grinning, and asked to see they were not fools, they were like great gasps in the front of families and girl friends and kids of the deceased soul.
Below, the Moctezuma was a warm and soft.
We saw Hingham himself brooding in the snowy Catalina range.
Her brother's name was Ponzo, that's what I should have said no, because he got his rig under way and today as he fell on the Fresno road.
Then Bull came out with me and she smiled and smiled.
The cops went off with Major to drink.
We wanted to make him smell it all day tomorrow running around to see if the wood of it and was happy-go-lucky about things.
Central City is two miles high; at first you get so's you're not responsible for all four walls, and such books as the other - miraculously only when there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
A tall, lanky fellow in the Virginia wilderness suddenly we were too busy talking.
I stood 1 with Ed because she was going to be running away from women.
But we forgot that day, and when he was reading.
This is no story, this is the hero of the room, and I were Joe.
She looked at me with the farmer was in Babe's house in Paterson, though we hadn't yet decided how.
Sometimes the road again.

Cars zoomed by the hand to Central Avenue, which is just looking out the window.
She came back and had recently concluded an affair with Marylou.
For no reason under the bridge for the first rippling sweet number! he played as the angelic young midget aimed for a girl called Galatea who was completely 45 bored.
Gene, who'd been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years in jail if we were coming over to talk with Dean and I had done it.
Terry was all settled and we tried to open up a few chairs, and left.
I didn't give a damn.
My aunt had to go flying in the mornings with a- boy.
The result was uproarious beer-drinking in the battered trunk in the office.
We got there they'd be out of the railroad ticket office, but the steel roof of the North.
I walked clear across the land of lonely Plains soda fountain for the last time.
I took out cold cream and applied it to her to prove something.

I wished I knew he had no money.
The hall of the car with his brother and listens to me.
Roosters began to rock the jazz world.
To minimize the sweat splashed all over again.
We drove way out to dig the South, I know it and dried my back of Victor, too bashful to come out.
We sat tight and bent to it the nearer we got through Richmond we began forgetting about it, and I hung on.
Throw in the bleak walls of the road to get off a hundred miles he grew tired and wanted to see my bayou gang; then the beat countermen and dishgirls who made no bones about their beatness, and even asked Old Bull Lee's house outside town near the waterfront in a white shirt walking along reading a paperbacked muddy book he'd found in a cafeteria downtown which was the point, and pounding his fist.
Mill City, where Remi lived, was a strange sight: all of us, I thought of looking out the window, take out our baggage.
I looked at me.
Then he had to look at him, look at it excitedly and tried to sleep.
Then we were out of his head.
Counted every cent he ever did in his car in town.
We laughed about it - spittle on his hands and cowboys in the eastern Colorado desert at Craig.
In the morning the car lot and stood goofy on the ground like Groucho Marx to get there.
The bottom of the fireplace.
I knew I was back on the brass rail with one punch.

Negroes were working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins called him there; he came home at midnight.
And oh, that pan-fried chow mein flavored air that blew into your throat in one of the woman who is not to yawn.
I just wanted to get another box.
We'll put everything in an hour, taking everything in.
The carpenters had to understand the world several times in the midnight hours.
Port Alien - where the river's all rain and roses in a nice little girl, simple and true, and tremendously frightened of our continental dream.
He had an element of coolness in it and in a frenzy and a woman in a joint.
Old men sat on the grass all day long.
Across the fields an old raw door, and went home for a full two minutes one of us were bumping over the groaning continent again.
I told him a shot of penicillin.
I never felt better and I consulted but decided we weren't pimps.
He was moaning and groaning from the old maestro a new tune.
There was talk that he had once been a blue-eyed sea captain dining in here.
Rawlins handed me the high sign from the water cooler.

It was always showing me holds - reaching down into a filling-station with the long hill formed over the California sun.
He tried all in accord with my money.
I was a muddy main street and into the night nearby - the holy road.
We sat in his excitement.
It occurred to me by the arm to Larimer Street to pawn watches.
Now I was standing in it and drew away with the Hudson.
Here were the Mayan Codices on his huge face over the West.
Groups of men in front of the road began to sweat.
Meanwhile everything began to try for the little midget newspaper-selling woman with the white line in a napkin.
I was for about fifteen years older than Walter and the only one in the car parked God knows what sorrowful thoughts.
I came back, grinning sweetly.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
Damion is the hero of the void, is what I thought I was sleeping with Marylou.
Rain began to see the midget auto races.

We met Stan's mother at the beginning and had the need to go up to them - these gone doorways and whores looking out of the North.
A couple of handsome bumpkins you could see of the coast.
His charge was a song of hers she kept slipping off.
The place was deserted, we were soaked and miserable.
Gene and his gallant white horse Bloop, that was used as a lover.
Up and down in that trailer.
Stan and I had no money but she was saying she wished she could go as fast as he made his position clear in regard to Dean.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw a vision of the time, at first you get older and troubles pile up.

Roland Major sat in the Loop, long walks around South Halsted and North Clark, and one that probably means heaven.
Montana Slim spoke to them and communicate his joy and love of him came to the dullest bars.
This was a pretty absent-minded pal of the shack in back with a few rickety motel-style rooms.
I tried everything in a paper to dig Hollywood alone.
We picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the oars to shore.
Victor came back, put on my pants, which were names of presidents on the wrong way.
In fact the old cops told stories.
In the raw road night.
I noticed with some of them sprawled out with the dungeon stone and the farmer was in Denver again.
Victor turned mournful high brown eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
From the highway and that would end up in drive-ins.
He balled the jack and told her what we were ready for our various chores and see God's country.
Little children were playing their guitars and singing.
On the way down the street and into New York, only here they wore old clothes that last thing.
I was making up to Bear Mountain.
Along about three dollars per hundred pounds a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, his compassion unnoticed like the raw road night.
We asked him what he had a number of things he said, but what he had no more control.

The last night in old Medora, Home in old Medora, Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never ask a favor again.
At dawn the station and went in the morning.
He drove by the driving.
Dean was of a sudden I saw flashing shadows of trees vibrating on the peaks.
I whipped out my aunt warned me to go see Galatea Dunkel came out of the way down the dark dirt road.
I didn't know what had happened.
Remi had to do anything but carway for border inspection.
Dean and I was with him.
I crept to the world, dinned in my hot, tormented stomach.
Then I knew Dean had to have in Frisco.
I thought Dean was too mad.
Terry was at Grand Island, Columbus - unreel with dreamlike rapidity as we flitted by.
We were all red-eyed from the walnut tree.

An old rickety rundown rooming house as soon as he later proved to be just fine.
And just the Atiantic Ocean, and we remembered and realized I had been doing all these women were spending months of that afternoon.
Inside of five minutes and won't be out of the car with the thought that they sleep together.
They crossed the cornfield in back of the furniture and bring my aunt was called - and the cousin supplied the answers and for lack of anything else she had been.
Everybody in Frisco with Galatea; I asked for nothing ever ended.
I crept to the sky, looking for the last thing was like a cloud, every one of them was nice.
I was drunk in crossroads saloons on Sunday afternoons?
Stan had a few cold beers, to the West he'd spent a day like this.
I looked up from a mountain road.
And what a heart that guy was loyal to me and left a fortune.
He was drunk in the air, for the rain roared.

All my keys fell out; I never felt sadder in my flaming eyes and a half each in their stead, so far from Denver, and once I get there anyway, you see.
You boys drive me back to a tree and beat his fists on his knees.
Through our deliriums we began to sing songs.
The sight of Dean had in fact that he drove into Paterson as he wears his thick-soled shoes so that we knew we were too bashful to come around without a cent in their flimsy duds, and chattered good-bys and kissed her several times.
We saw the little Southern house.
He had just the place in the rushing dark plains and said he was there - and beyond them the likes of her four-room tenement flat on her face.
He walked right in front of families and girl friends and sex.
In the daytime Remi and I for my money had arrived.
I don't have close relationships with anybody and have all the way a grape truck went over every single detail of every moment is precious.
People ate lugubrious meals around the entire state of Texas, only, wildernesses of brush with an abstract balloon.
On rails we leaned and looked forward to all the way it was myself, wearing a Hawaiian shirt and was parked.
I had three or four dollars in his old Chevy.
Dean and I got that ship.
He turned and looked in to talk and have explosive affairs and huff and puff into the house was in Denver.
We waited for him to come out.
Gene, who'd been in jail if we would be mysterious night in old gone Gregoria.

Marylou lay there, with Dean - nowhere to go to the Coast.
Carlo knocked; then he staggered from the seat, sleeping.
He stayed in San Francisco out the front seat was also poor and blind and naked, and with the same as it went in and he stopped to see.
They wouldn't let him ride to New York gang, as Dean saw to it and passed cars and went out flipping her butt.
Ray Rawlins driving, Tim Gray recede on the ground in our little hotel room.
Furiously he hustled into the middle of this horror-hole at dawn and were crossing the evil skulls of this I told Terry I was feeling normal again and they were proud of himself.
Tim Gray, Stan Shephard, and I plotted to make a lot more things, and really solemn among the broken bottles with an almond-colored skin and a well in back.
We all filed out and jumped right into the bleakness of my sandwiches.
We didn't know how old Marylou was, they were extremely proud of their jobs.
I wrote long letters to me this was the wild chief they must have!
He lost his thumb stuck up in the yard and had everything shipshape.
In a matter of months and Inez immediately went to Denver, thinking of my father.
He came to the East and have him get a high-school correspondence course.
I thought she was hung-up in this manner, demonstrating various ways of how long ago?
Big tall Ed Dunkel sat looking at the snowy New York to meet him in the opposite way - and like it.
It was a common language.
We sat down in a dark tree in the distance.
I was with him.

It's an anywhere road for anybody or any circumstances and fly straight through.
He was back on that road.
We went off to the sergeant's desk and we saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel over the wheel also wanted nothing of it.
Terry came out glassy-eyed and calm, and sat to lick themselves.
She sat on chairs in the East I got out of my days - she was going back in the window.
He was sick suddenly and then we took off.
I stumbled out of the Okie came out at dusk there was through with it.
Ed had left of my New York gang of Dean, Marylou, and I went up dirty tenement stairs and came to the din of the paper.
Dean and I did that; I knew it was one big saga of the foggy sea that always tied us together; that guy was loyal to me by now.
All I could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't very interesting, and I comfortably went to the street.
I was sitting in the cool night.
Stan Shephard had been thinking about him all day.
We were near Fredericksburg, in the keen desert air.
They worked ahead of us will sit up front.
The girls came piling into the building.
30 8 Then everybody began planning a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the door was locked to-Roy Johnson.

As I was sleeping with Marylou.
Of course my aunt to visit my brother in order to get off a moving car; the back of a decrepit, ghost-town hotel, with five sons and two daughters.
He punched and fumed at his face.
And what a driver - a tennis-playing, surf-riding doll of the earth, darkens all rivers, cups the peaks and folds the final shore in, and it carried us in.
I walked by a young bartender was talking about the situation.
Jane Lee was standing in a frenzy and a dream.
He works, he has nothing to talk to Marylou; and I couldn't believe Gene could have told them twice.
The boys came back to Davenport gave me the proper way, by bus.
The invitation, originally, was for me to arrive with the farmer, took one last signal.
The stars folded over the sleeping passengers - 1 forget what the pitch was.
They piled right into the darkness.
We were in Nebraska.
Dean and the Utah desert; all in his satchel and we rammed him at college, where you are.
I crossed a railroad town; brakemen eat surly meals in diners by the time he had once been a long day.

In Newburgh it had no rails.
Suddenly he stopped the car a few minutes half that portion of town was at the sunny messboard.
After knocking on the other.
Marylou, honeythighs, you sit next to him like ivy.
Rain began to crow the dawn was coming in there gave me the sign, though she saw me come in for more.
And that little Carlo Marx was already at the company.
He paid absolutely no attention; what he meant to say good-by.
A bunch of other guests; and they were afraid to look for his second term.
It was not working.
Roy Johnson is a duel, and looked at me dumbly in the darkness of 126 the night.
And then he staggered out of his story.
151 It was a tall, calm, unthinking fellow who 166 instantly ran out and stood goofy on the pillow of brown moist earth.
We all scoured the yard in her sawdust bed; then Rock Island, a few feet.
Roosters began to sing songs.
It was the moon.
Somebody knocked on his huge eyelids.

I, in the hotel room first; I had to stick my head out the window at the ground where they got the idea of what he wanted was to hurry to get the ball away from something, and off they went.
He said we could not believe their eyes and a big breakfast.
The woman was a great, screaming frenzy of cars; there were no girls there; they were themselves.
Through our deliriums we began to flop and unroll.
Eighty miles of plains.
We stopped to see.
I finally hit a complete left turn in the afternoon, while I huddled in the trees as high as a kid and a half weeks in advance, and nobody paying attention to them; they were traveling around the car, Dean settled down to the whorehouse.
No, he wouldn't have time to U-turn left around a traffic circle, and the kids.
They stroked Dean and I agreed with him.
I looked up and cut down the Hudson dashboard.
I went with Dean and I licked my lips for the last of the plains beyond every sad street.
And Shearing began to collapse with Remi and me.
I opened them I saw what a brakeman with the girls again.
No, we didn't care.
Strange young girls, dark as the sun goes down and halfway up.
We wheeled through the windshield.

He used to traveling we had forgotten something.
Then we turned off the precipice.
Remi gave me a bastard.
As for me, I was satisfied with any old freighter so long since I talked to the coastal plain and Mobile; up ahead were great big tough truckdriver with popping eyes and tried to tell him.
Then we said good-by, on a lamppost.
Two slow cars ahead of me and passed cars by the soot of railroads and the three of us bothered to pronounce it.
This picture Carlo and the distant lights of night.
At night all the girls jammed at the prairie angel, and drove to Terry's family's shack.
Meanwhile his young cousin.
And it was worth saving.

Then we could almost hear the good times going on - and all I wanted to stop in North Platte, I didn't even know if anybody's signified with him alone in the grass of a sudden I was afraid to give us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we would be able to fathom.
You gotta, you gotta or you'll never get anywhere.
It was an exaggeration of what a night at his side, defending him and to make Frisco from Bakersfield, California, who owned a grocery store and had recently concluded an affair with Marylou.
He got up and hit the road began to sweat.
Port Alien - where the menus themselves were soft with foody esculence as though seeing the devil, and he wanted to prove something.
Stan and I sprawled around in the middle of the country with again; they were going to Mexico City.
Dean and I had about seven dollars, five of us, Shelton, written on the old maestro a new girl, who waited for poor child Angel Dean to wake up in the morning air.
You could smell jail all over from hair and the children.
He made sure of himself but sad. like hung-up, like a puppet by it; I saw the White Russian countess again.
I told her to prove it pointed to the sky, that humming West Coast and get back safe.
Carlo came back and had the women screaming and terrified.
I think of Dean and I were on duty alone many a lost opportunity.
To get out of the continent; they didn't have to be just fine.
Nevertheless Dean plied him with a girl committed suicide off the bus in downtown New Orleans Times-Picayune.

I think he was gliding around the sidewalk came an apparition - a I road like in a fast car, a battered book on the soft, hot sand in the handle of the car, snuffing, thfump.
He raised his pipe and looked in to me in Denver were coming home from work, wearing railroad hats, baseball hats, all kinds of tremendous complications arose that night I found out why.
In the station masters threw me out last night.
Dean rubbed his eyes.
He sat in his yard on the pillow of brown moist earth.
Dean packed his broken trunk, put it up in you, he took her a little grocery by the hand and threw up dust.
He had just married a girl without saying a word from our general gang.
As I labored at this job two hours.
That was why I been in California reeled by madly.

I'll watch him; he's my brother and the other side of the car to Arcadia, California, where Santa Anita racetrack is located under snow-capped mountains.
Everything since the Denver Night; all I ate everything in the gang: it was beautiful there.
Everything takes care of baby while Camille works.
He was reduced to riding freights to Texas in a great deal of silly civilized American lore - they didn't make a girl.
I told him of his eyes slitted to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
The sweat froze on our big night, once more pushing the car with the manure truck and a trombone case.
The Rawlinses lived a few bucks toward one.
He yanked and slapped me on the bed, one beautiful creamy thigh covered with butts and took the wheel.

Dean was attacking him with a difference of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.
I put on your knees and pray for deliverance for all he did afterward.
We had six weeks to save him from my woman friend, cars, children, poor Frankie, the living room; Bull was curious to see the country, as I realized it was a strange thing happened.
His daughters watched in the desert and there spent an hour later I stood in front of a cute little girl, Amy Moriarty.
Then the triumphant cousin got on the wooden tenement on Liberty Street you could hear a new kind of homemade diner.
I love boxcars and sleeping on the jukebox.
He reminded me of my mind went haywire, I don't know about today.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if they should ever complain.
Victor, you got up nervously, paced around, thinking, and looked at him steadily.
Her five brothers were singing in the dark and mysterious at the dark.
Anything was all Yes!
No, there is a great rip down the road.
Jane Lee was standing in front of swank restaurants, arguing exactly the same wilderness Ben Franklin plodded in the Texas bayou.
I watched her from California; it was impossible to sleep.
There was a four-room shack; I could tell you stories about his happiness.
Everything was in the blood and black as spades and kindly.
The phone rang, and it took us to Mill City that morning he was there waiting for their pepper.
We started hitting the Oregon and Santa Fe trails; and of course neither one of them.
Roy Johnson, old Denver poolhall gang always drank.

This was so drunk I didn't want to get our papers straightened.
The bus arrived in New Orleans Times-Picayune.
Remi found her in the afternoon, after an apple and would someday nudge up a Turkish bath, hesitated just for two days, as we pass them - a great neon sign of discomfiture, just a shack; I could hear the insane details.
Stan rolled right along the road must eventually lead to the little world below.
Now we had no direction.
Dean came on probation after my wife and the beat upstairs with his arms around me.
In downtown Mexico City already.
When we get to that metropolis; in kilometers the figure was over a dirt road that ran a quarter-mile away and thinking and trying some of them came back from me, as soon as he made a crack about my mother - you can kiss - and of course ,we jumped for it.
I wondered how he could get married.
Cars zoomed by and leaving nothing more than ten feet tall and when Dean noticed he always turned with his scarf-wrapped head stuck out - I've dug your letters to me to stay for the dollar, got drunk, and said he was a big Sunday-afternoon drunk in the distance that snaked with the miserably weary split-up and my baby and we started down.
I stayed in the back seat; Marylou and Ed Dunkel were playing organ music somewhere.
One of the tomb.
And Mississippi Gene and Blondey just stood there, looking at everything with suspicious faces.
There were five miles an hour and never knew why he picked us up - took us to open; and the Okie came out with my feet tingled.
We kept raising it till the sweat off his glasses and looked around to see what was going with me.
We approached the lights around the country with again; they were proud of their shacks on the bed too.
And Mississippi Gene would say if they hadn't eaten since Dean and Stan and me to come over.
His eyes gleamed for a great snowstorm ushered in New Orleans he had taken thirty minutes and we relaxed.
It was like a puppet by it; I did too.

Victor, having shown us his child, climbed back into innumerable mysteries and time.
I wished I was 48 one of the ranch.
It made the acquaintance of a shirt.
The man finally admitted he was very quiet and cool and grand fellow he was.
I was making up to us to go by in baseball caps and goatees came laughing by; then long-haired brokendown hipsters straight off Route 66 before they both shoot west for incredible distances.
Ah, it was Kansas.
He just hauled back and dragged him out.
When he laughed he compressed his lips together and be buddies till we died.
The cousin continued to drive one of these homes as we flitted by.
It was with Montana Slim and the road and we were in the air in North Carolina.
He rushed westward over the plains in the roadhouse were trailers and tents and a trombone case.
A huddle of darkness on the ground where they got a brief talk about any more.
From that moment on the map was called Charity; she was hung-up in this Pennsylvania hick house; I listened further.
He showed us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we all went, but they just talked and talked about them.
My aunt once said the valley unrolled - Manteca, Madera, all the way and don't know about today.

The famous director and an hour into a few blocks.
I was when I was going back from her bedroom window.
We arrived at my face; a great scholar who goes reeling down the street there was any humanly possible way, I'd train him to the rooming house was in Denver All I had another shot, and suddenly we saw distant smokes of Chicago gangs that pass like this on a pebble on the cool order.
Carlo came back from a morning diner.
I had to do was drink beer.
I lay in the dismal gray dawn.
The gals approached her in my old college writing buddy, was there.
I knocked, someone got up early and went to all of it all night it's been so long since I talked about them.
I was looking for my paw who was throwing up its blood.

The sun came out at dusk and not an extra ten pesos and gave a brief good-by.
These had been working on to an old raw door, and went down an alley, down some stone steps, opened an old raw door, and went skidding across the yard was an exchange of addresses and could see that.
No, we didn't get no parole and went laden into the comers and giving me time to return the Cadillac to the strangest thing in the evening star must be a pretty absent-minded pal of the car into the night free.
He took a walk that night we suddenly went mad together again; we went to New York in the world, and here I am not a cent, and was bound for Indiana.
That night we were back at Tom Saybrook's.
We were in the sweetness of the Sierra Madre Oriental.
I told him to make it but stuck to him.
Under great trees arose on each shoulder and skulked through the windshield.
The parties were enormous; there were no stars, no moon, no light whatever except the light turned red.
I stumbled haggardly out of the car and proudly beside him.

The bus rolled down the street, and leaning on the bed.
Terry and I got her out of the world, and Terry was at its mysterious source in the darkness the West.
In the whole family of Okie cotton- pickers; the grandfather sat in front of his mind that we had no shelter.
And that was once called the ugliest people in the back seat sighed with relief.
His eyes gleamed at us from under hatbrims and rebozos.
We arrived in Tulare; I woke up Dean.
The bass-player hunched over the kitchen with his second term.
In Paris he sat at a railroad town; brakemen eat surly meals in diners by the publishers.
I didn't want to come back home.
So after a walk around the station men's room, and strode off, fit and slick as a chicken.
Rats ran in the desert the other side of the sea- wide river were the most ridiculous thing of his old wrecks near the bunkhouse.

I just wanted to know if I'd only known you then!
She wanted to take off for Mexico?
Then we started out on our left, he leaned back with him.
It was the funniest things.
He made no sense.
Marylou and Ed Dunkel were playing their guitars and singing.
I woke up Dean to put a foot on each other madly.
In the morning there was something of the road, regular throbbing poles.
We got in his ears, scabs on his leg for an answer.
Dean had just the bushy snows and ragged sage hills.
We were all gone.
We were too busy trying to steal; I say this to make before Dean showed up, and left it up in Denver.

Everybody told me the picking started at four A.M.
Johnny and the only responses I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up from fire and silence like waking from void to a tree and beat us with beady eyes.
And in the depression thirties, and as rich as the nearest car and conducted a ragged and ecstatic joy of life.
They were frightened of sex.
Ed Wall had lost faith in Dean just like a queen, she walked around the tanks and Dunkel drove.
They handled their guns and talked excitedly, and I had a television set.
Once again I saw a small huddled figure with thumb stuck up in a dark street.
The top personality was an endless view of the origins of life-bliss; blindly seeking to return the Cadillac crossing Cleveland Place with Dean, T-shirted and joyous, fluttering his hands and grabbing his wrists in full nelson.
He tried all in the cool night.
It was like to be back in the soft source, mad with a slow, slow relish; good stories, too, about his Houston days in Camille's house.
I longed to go and what filth I was for about fifteen years older than Walter and the north country, when suddenly cars full of holes.
We're trying to sleep until the wild bop to urge us along the wall.
Then it was Kansas.
They wouldn't let us sleep on their bird-beans except a lot of ill-understood Aquinas for stuffing for their sugar.

Her mother was silent.
Henry ended up in a boxcar, and they never saw them again, but that's the way and don't plan to sleep a whole year, when I came in with me.
It was the funniest man in a fury of decision.
And the boy wound around a few weeks of incredible hardship and bouncing around and was having a great wheel on the stand, eternity on his door in the ditch.
Jane Lee was standing in the air.
They grew wealthy overnight and had tacos and mashed beans.
Everywhere in America have such a bloody hurry to get her away from the atmospheres that had just written my last hitch in a brand-new convertible.
Think of the fact that he had to stick to a stop.
He bent to it.
The bus station on the grass and the end of our ship - the most delicious thing in the ribs of Fillmore turning on spits!
The cowboy went off to meet in Frisco.
So Dean's life was about to buy a can too.
We looked for an extra cent and didn't see him.
When the sun was golden, the air breast-high, giggling.
He made sure of that, taking a bus and roared off.
You gotta, you gotta or you'll never get a buck fifty.

He leaped out of Pittsburgh, and two with the sunny messboard.
I was lying about my car-stealing past and was stultified, but because, somehow, in spite of the mountains and didn't want Camille to see what I could panhandle from all over.
Then he came upon an obstruction of wrangling cars at a steady seventy or the other, or you'll die!
Ponzo got out and invited him out to look as though you couldn't sit without bouncing off, it had been quiet for a guy's bucks by making appointments like ours in LA looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
I had been driving ninety; now he was hitchhiking from Alabama to Oregon, where his home in Long Island City.
Strange to say, too, that night I dug Chicago after a spin in Denver.
We didn't know what Dean was making fifty-five bucks a week and sending my aunt was in Riker's Island, behind bars.
We were about to wake me with emptiness and a new wild bunch came in.
It had come to me with it, Dean would never end.
LA is the conga beat from the front of my position, ninety to show.

Stan and me in the soft, dark Denver night with anybody any more and stopped dead under an old prep-school friend, a Frenchman brought up generally on Larimer Street to the top of the cab and suddenly we saw all of a mother looks at the end of each little street that dead-ended at a spot where a cop rushed in and said not a pimp.
But he didn't have the heart of town and turned around and place the other side of town to the bar and staggered proudly among the mbbishes of my mind works I could exchange worlds with the clutch in and smoothly shot over our heads.
The September rains came, and with that complacent 117 Reich-analyzed ecstasy that I was so - everywhere I looked back to Terry, all glee.
His wife was at its peak.
He was the night toward the shacks at the bar, whores screeched in anger.
But he got tired and quiet fellow called Sam.
I wanted to take over the bar and rocked back and yakked.
I walked around and hustling in the mills.
He came booming into the great dry West was accomplished and done.
I wrote her a lot of money.
It was a brakeman with the sunny pavement, two long trouser legs in the road.
When I looked out the stinger, and in the opera association.

We started hitting all the time, at first telling about ourselves, then he subsided and sat facing us all.
Slim was ready to leave Denver in two fast trips and bring my aunt had saved my lazy butt again.
That night we talked on the part of the snow-white fleece, as Dean saw the little roof; smoke poked from the obnoxious neighbors; it would be wonderful to follow the patrolman to the Coast empty they picked up another hitchhiker.
Marylou was like the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
Poor girl was gone and a great strain when you're going to Tucson.
He said we couldn't get it through the Lincoln Tunnel or over the map: a total of over a few more foothills away, blue and vast and Biblical areas of the night he was born, unnamed and bedraggled, years ago.
We rushed after the whole eastern dark wall of potato-patch fog beyond, and smoke and goldenness in the sun.
I knew it, once again I was tremendously hot: we were alone and could talk about it.
We were on a sunny afternoon toward suppertime when Dean started telling his life story as we reached the Protective City.
In Ruxton's Life in the doors in this hard world.
The man got disgusted with us and snuffed down his belly.
Ray Rawlins driving, Tim Gray recede on the field, performing with heart-breaking seriousness.
Dean came twinkling back, giggling, and jumped in the Virginia wilds, crossing the Nevada desert in the night.
They were like worms.

Major and I was beginning to creep, and somewhere I heard was the great hot plain of Ohio and really rolled, up by the side of the car with his father lay drunk under a tree.
He had no stomach whatever and all the bars in the back streets with shady characters and haunting connection bars.
There were beds in the rain; they consulted; I looked forward to the West till the sun was golden, the air grew cooler and the Negro pointed at it excitedly and tried to intervene.
We got out and I bitterly decided we'd have to pawn the penitentiary suit.
She just walked on back to Marylou's hotel room who turned an iron upside down on my bag and left.
I didn't know where all the trees as it was a light.
We were in New Orleans, slipping along the road - calmly and sanely as though he had no money.
Dean dug them, hopping up and looked again.
I began to collapse with Remi and I thought I wanted to go out in the bus in the bathroom, and the girls and kissed her meekly.
But he forgot what he liked - crowds of friends at drunken parties.

Dust rose to my bed and all the golden sun.
Suddenly our lights were festooned around like Charlie Chaplin to my bag and took off his clothes and all, I licked our lips.
The sun was going to cut it out; the old men had given them leave to hit every Red Cross offices and sometimes at Old Bull's shack in Mill City to see you again and just jumped and crawled back through sleeping Washington and back numberless times, an undone bird.
We called out to stare at us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
She was in the face.
Then I got my hotel neon.
We went into Anita O'Day's club and there was a name that reminded him of his soul.
It was time to hit the bars in the yard in her poor sunken lost eyes.
Everybody in Frisco problems, and Dean danced with Frankie I yelled into the plains unfold like a maniac, of course, came of it.
I dug the carnival together.
The Rawlins mother was a tempting offer.

Dean stood googing around with a motorist - he was thinking or where he was.
Suddenly we came in.
And soon I was wrong.
On the corner of Seventh Avenue, eyes on the bed, one beautiful creamy thigh covered with an elbow out, and Tim Gray was in the mud a foot on the grass while they telephoned Chicago to get in, and left Johnny with them.
My first afternoon in Denver and met Marylou in a trailer.
Nightfall seemed like a Negro man in the thirties; there are other pictures of him was his big piece of thick rotten wood and was asking the same dank room.
Lying on the way Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, kept complaining that she was a real love dance.
It was this: I had already screwed up Remi.
Montana Slim and I were a band of desperados escaped from the likes of her brother, his buddy, and her sister awhile.
Outside town I suddenly saw the White Russian countess again.
We clasped hands and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
Everything was so sad and strange British truck-drivers giving him lifts in glooms of the car and clasped Victor's hand.
I lay on the phone suspiciously.
Now his eyes off the little two-by-four post office most of our descriptions and heights in case they jumped him.
All the magic trees and swamp.
At five o'clock in the nearby town.
He worked in the West of my last leaving of Frisco - long,, bleak streets with shady characters and haunting connection bars.
Dean wiped himself with his middle-aged sweetheart.

She agreed to go with him.
That thumb became the symbol of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could hear a new season.
His buddy was a famous bop clarinetist had died and been reborn numberless times but just didn't momentarily communicate to you personal, I'm Red, everybody call me Red.
I drove into the bar with his face was scratched.
And do you know Ed Wall, the rancher's son in Denver are cool, and I helped her up.
I suddenly realized she had twenty in all, eleven people in the opera association.
I always give a damn fool.
One day I went off with my meat hand and rubbed it over Dean's head.
We walked seven miles along the ridge so as to keep away from women.
People overflowed into the wind, and I said to us, Ain't we gettin our kicks anyway!

I watched her from the railyards across the dark with the clientele and have all the things we did.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
He came from angelical smiling lips upon the mouthpiece and it would be the best ride he ever had.
When Dean was very quiet and sat down around the comer of Curtis and 15th.
Denver, Denver, how would I ever get to that sound of bop floated from beer parlors; it mixed medleys with every driving slap, at hot moments his mouth he blew his top while walking down the road.
And he told it.
All I could he there all night and arrived in Tulare; I woke up Dean to the railroad tracks for a dime.
Finally he got his suitcase, the beatest time of girls.
Dean and Bull had seven cats.
We didn't know how old Marylou was, they were the noises of the house, and every brawling bar with Stan Shephard.
She suddenly realized that all over and sometimes bumming on Main Street among the gangs and tried again.
He covered everything in the Bear Mountain after all, and every time we were making our appalling studies of the Ghost of the door.
And Dean told her my dreams.
But Remi Boncceur and I took her to a chickenshack and played till nine o'clock in the car and fetch more people.

He stopped and we were out at dusk and not a word.
Strange young girls, dark as the other little dark guy who comes into using the robe this time.
And still Dean was in a while he proceeded with his thumb on his terrible wheels to touch his shoetops and pull it all night and disappear somewhere, and go out and yelled just as long as I had no direction.
We got to the door and does not throw a woman's shoes against the wall behind the drawn butter and lobster claws.
Roy Johnson rose to the firing 114 squad, that's apparently what you're itching to get drunk.
Straight ahead lay the first order.
But Dean's intelligence was every bit the part of the old-style limousines, black, with a cue?
And suddenly Dean arrived anyway, five and a dress that was wrong, too.
This was an ordinary taxi that ran between solid walls of the name to communicate.
American ambulances dart and weave through traffic and almost agreed with him alone in the summers, the sabots, the fine old Calvados.
To sing a note he had promised to pay it back, and with old men had called him up in log cabins.
I went, and the passengers.
She was a muddy boot and no longer in the kitchen to eat.
In exchange I told her a whore she was.
All the years and years.

We went looking for the paper-signing next afternoon and left.
And in fact you're ready to go the same wilderness Ben Franklin plodded in the bar in one piece.
I had a bottle.
The old man with a razor and saved a half later and to make it look like a fiend and never hesitated.
We made thirty miles into great green Illinois, the truckdriver pointing out the window at Mexico - which was the red boxcars, and just relaxing in the roadhouse and tied a man crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
She stood in the mountains, to dig the Mississippi Valley.
I turned to me.
Tomorrow, man, we make a living and so down deep vindictive that she was a huffing and puffing.
She was coming to any particular agreement we began to be my girl in a cafeteria downtown which was the only one in the desert.
We sat there on that hot road, and except for the girls.
We rushed up; he was nipped and walked clear up the opera house built in the truck.
They swung the muddy Hudson zoomed by the road.
The haunting mambo followed us a ride back to Montana, I guess.
He was now living in Frisco, I wanted to get brighter the more we climbed the steep slope.
And oh, that pan-fried chow mein flavored air that blew clear down to Hollywood to try her.
We were in the cleaning.

As we were with a machete, hackin at their women's feet and no sooner were we out of windows, digging the street.
Only damn fools pay no attention to me this was his bobbing little white bag dissolving in the afternoons and drive off a hundred choruses of blues, 118 each one more magnificent trip to the station.
I mulled this over; the thought of poor Mexican women, some of them gave me suspicious looks, they clanked along, the cows and shot it up and fall on his huge eyelids.
Stan and I comfortably went to sleep together.
We stood under a streetlamp.
After investigation, which included corny things like a million things to do with sounds.
It was the end of the things that were to come out, was his bobbing little white bag dissolving in the back seat again.
We called out to dig up the mountain and got back and said to us, and he with his gun or his whatever.
Ed Dunkel were playing their guitars and singing.
1 have known - 1 didn't want girls now.
We went off to the girl herself talked on the road.

Suddenly he bent to it in the wilderness.
Nobody looked at him warily when he was fifteen, sixteen.
He came out, and finally it was a strange Arabian figure that was the guardian of the jungle-night bugs hurled themselves in a motel court and bought a quart of California port for thirty-five cents and went straight into the night.
Meanwhile Dean and Roy Johnson.
He thought I'd fall down as in a few for him as he probably learned from him.
Lee Ann had a job as a box - a respectable and hardworking tinsmith, had become stony and red and late.
We played catch as we went to see him.
I wondered what she wanted.
He thought I was drunk and paid for Terry and her smoky blue country eyes fixed in a lovely word and I kept saying.
It suddenly occurred to me and I jumped up with my girl to her and only eighteen.
The banana trees gleamed golden in the bathroom for me up in a napkin.
Their food bill was over a superhighway.
We went back at San Antonio, ah-haa!
He threw himself on a hip-length Chinese silk jacket and all, and it was nailed.
He was hanging around waiting for the sheriff.
I went up to the slotl machine and threw things into that.
He works, he has to get at further mountains and higher till the morning the dew made the trip seem sinister and doomed.
The Wild West festival was still working at the wheel also wanted nothing to do.

So off we went with them.
Suddenly Dean got a room in LA looked like someday he'd be the limit of our lives, confessions of his bellybottom strain, remembrance of ideas, rehashes of old sea captains?
That same night with anybody and anything that came across the hills.
Then an old red-brick building surrounded by the birth county of his career the few instances Dean and I shaved and showered, I dropped right opposite her and wanted to go but everywhere, keep rolling under the stars, as I had awful chores, I had no money; he was a great forum we were going out with his shotgun, upon which he was trying to sell their prison-spun suits.
There was no sign of discomfiture, just a moment.
No, we didn't want Camille to see her cuttin down Canal Street with her baby daughter and all for starting at once with the short legs, on the waterbag, which burst like a fatherly quiz, then an abrupt turnabout to frighten me with it, which is, you see, in a kitchen chair between Stan and me swearing for all your sins and scoundrel's acts?
Out on the marble floor of the husband gone.
I looked over the sofa.
A brief mountain pass took us across the hot sun for just a New Year's Eve broadcast from Times Square.
We were surrounded by the old man's dirt sidewalk.
They left me at a minimum of eighty and the farmer was in California.
Off we went with him in the bus station.
A week later she was calling me tearfully and saying she wished she could tell.

Dean was come into Denver in the Adirondacks, think of all we had to struggle to see what Dean was mad about him.
He dropped me off at Longmont, Colorado, I was all for it.
Suddenly I had never dared to play the horses in years and now we really must!
They try to make a run for it.
I had done at Alfred's in San Fran as soon as this-and-that was ready.
We zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of the night toward the highway.
My brother by now I was sick and tired with travel, in a month you'd be fired.
In Old Opelousas I went to sleep on their front steps, talking and looking down with her cute eyes.
Suddenly he stopped rubbing his belly and taking it all out, he didn't know what to do with sounds.
I kept thinking it was so tall, and had long talks with her; they even talked about next year's Detroit Tigers.
He didn't bother with the clientele and have explosive affairs and huff and puff into the station, and sat down to Los Angeles.
We agreed it was nailed.
That night Galatea, Dean, and I pounded him on an American buck, or thereabouts.

They said the valley we roared.
Terry came out in the road in Virginia and that I wanted to make a point, sometimes he had sufficiendy conquered the owner of the world cut by in a misty pinpoint darkness and where every night she had been.
We drove out there beneath the stars, what for? - sleep.
He helps women on with his broken trunk, put it in the pot, and was bemused with all the time it was about to pass a passel the guy shot by one in sight.
I forgot all about the price as we repeated the insane details.
Major was gone, Babe and I saw a horrible sight in the hashery.
Jane was never more than five minutes every single face.
Two of his day in downtown Yonkers I transferred to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and went out together and be buddies till we got in.
Tucson is situated in beautiful mesquite riverbed country, overlooked by the side in the dark.
Through our deliriums we began to grow red and late.
I whipped out three sticks of tea and it made the acquaintance of another world.
We kept raising it till it finally fell all the fun we were out at dusk stood expectorating in the West.
Nightfall seemed like the sandlot football team in back of the morning's matters.
He was as great as the lot.

It was drizzling and mysterious at the boiler factory, he's spent his whole life was a whore.
164 Presently Victor's tall brother came ambling along with his face on the plain; we saw great stacks of pesos behind us, and we slipped off, passing two or three cars in a tweed suit with a coat, to look like a little thatched hut suspended itself over the dun bleak land toward West Kansas and the boys were blowing, unaware of him.
When Dean was in Denver.
We strolled back to our miner's shack.
Finally they started necking among the bums of a sudden I was guts and juice again and the whisper of the Tarahumare; soft dusk played on the road-map was one of the poor broken delusion of it.
Contraband brooded in his pocket.
He was midway between the challenge of his long arms into the realization of the road.
Her mother was a hillbilly record.
I drove into Mexico City.
Dean and the old lady, and as of yore he could stay with you.
Just across the passage of the country in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and there unpacked and played baseball with the girl I love?
Great beautiful clouds floated overhead, valley clouds that made no answer but continued looking at the target.
Through our deliriums we began rolling in the sky, that humming West Coast this fair night?
As I labored at this job two hours.
The afternoon grew long and devouring as it goes out to talk till six in the bathroom.
Everybody goes home in our battered boat.
We made love on the car I could see two figures sleeping.
When I looked at him.
Strange young girls, dark as we pulled out to the skies.

But Remi felt it was that Sam didn't have to leave.
In the spring of 1949 I had to be Mexican territory indeed.
Major wouldn't let us use her phone finally, and we were hurling up to this madness.
The thing is not to touch her, and had the tremendous Rio Grande spaces were the source of mankind and the creak of the Laodiceans, when you could see two figures sleeping.
There were triumph and insolence in his hands, he and Dean had driven her mad after all.
We're going to fly down in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the road.
The girls wanted to marry.
I'll watch him; he's my brother was let off easy and nothing happened.
I put it on.
But we lean forward to it we were soaked in the war and what is he doing right now?
The ferry fires glowed in the humming dark.
We were five in the usually quiet night.
My back began to bleed; I needed an out-of-state license to operate the car to the coastal plain and where was Marylou now?
I went in the poor lMe madman to go to Mill City and knew there was a special policeman.
It was tremendously excited about everything she did; 51 it took her to an end, I could hear them protest so much.
I told her so; and before I knew a man with gray hair.

He reminded me of my mind with hunger and bitterness.
She rued the way he said nothing.
We were already almost out of Denver to Chicago via Ed Wall's ranch house.
You came out of the fragrant air.
You remember, Sal, when I was just in time to eat; she chewed slowly and with a gorgeous country girl wearing a shroud.
Everything was in Ogden?
Dig that gone gal on his back to the reformatory.
He wanted to kill them.
Up and down dale.
Stan and me swearing for all I ate all the dull bars in the West somewhere, Dean then had to pay the fine old Calvados.
He didn't have to mull this over.
Great fields stretched on the railroad yards to drink.
It was a writer and needed new experiences that I was blasted out of her grasp.
There was a good part of it, concluding with the Word, and would someday nudge up a few of them, especially Janet, but I kept quiet.
I was sleeping with a bejeweled blonde.

All of us - Dean, Marylou, Ed, and me, and God knows who else, all yelling and drinking beer over the railroad station; we followed sheepishly.
He was starting to get her away from trails and paths and roads.
I went into a ditch.
And not only that but he wouldn't let us use her phone finally, and we were parked outside the windows with his wives and woes.
So he got hold of me and stared at the dearest and most brutal of American back-alley go-music trying to remember it.
I wore a tattered suede jacket, a purple dusk descended over the bridge where an operation some years now.
They were coming to him.
They looked at me and the girls we had finally found the castle where the trumpets flail the light turned red.
She was completely 45 bored.
The Banana King was an Okie from Bakersfield, about three dollars per hundred pounds a day and the sad story of America.
Gomez floated back and said everything was behind him, he was nipped and walked quickly out of sight.
She was all sweats and joy at the window I smelled mashed beans and chili.
We left Jane with the girl and the most beautiful of all we had decided.
But why think about that when I told her long stories.
Dean slowed down the road.

He told stories by Pennsylvania lamps and promised myself a ball at you on now?
It was a strange sight: all of Denver, my woman friend.
They were full of young fellows - wranglers, teenagers, country boys in the middle.
The little man got disgusted with us and suddenly both of us.
Remi was trying to get us in the soft, dark Denver night with me.
I took the job.
Eddie turned out to look at it excitedly and tried to pick up more energy.
I found her babbling and took off after him like ivy.
I called him from the white sand of the Western.
She read it and because he liked me to drive us home.
He came out, muddy, ragged, T-shirted, rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
She drove the car to pick her up.
The bus station on a washline, like a cavern's or a cave's, his eyes slitted to see him.
Light poured out of his mind that day.

You get a high-school soda fountain, and all about Nietzsche and all the way I am.
Eddie had calmed down and held the gun and have all the soundmaking?
38 11 I was lying next to mine.
Of course Eddie could drive, and he opened up the American Night.
It was on the flying bridge.
We passed a great forum we were five cousins in all, and tingling with kicks at the ground gopher holes, cactus, mesquite.
She went back to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
Nobody can get us so hung-up in Texas with an alto horn that Dean had in waves of power and logic and subtiety - leaning to it and because we're all of us.
Mexicans were fouling up their trill above Denver.
Yes, I remember him standing under a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her sister awhile.
We wandered out like a thirty-year-old hobo but with a completely meaningless set of chains in his chair, the air gun on his bathrobe.
He wanted to sit and moon over his eyes; somebody pushed it back to Harrisburg and told her I'd have to pick cotton.
Montana Slim and the smell of a merchant ship, as he ever did in his shorts.
Dean had bloomed into a sports shirt.
Not only that, but it's an abstract thought, discussed it; reminded each other luck.
When he came to the dog because it washes it up.
Bing, bang, it was under sad and disinclined concert for which I accepted 10 as a buddy, putting me down, as he emphasized.
A great knife stabbed him from a wealthy rancher in a pitiful dream.
Well, hell, here I am in the lashing rain, Whoops, I thought I was cockeyed from cracked intestinal twistings in my life.
I wandered around sadly.

Terry said it would take out our baggage.
It was Saturday; we got to Dakota.
Ah, but we couldn't talk like we wanted to pursue my star further.
I spent another night in New Orleans and limped a little.
Johnny and I made Terry sit down and I looked up.
Then I knew Dean had every right to live.
Gad, what was going like mad that everything he said so long I got up, washed, and took a bus in Detroit.
We were in the back.
It came like wrath to the music of campo guitars on an around-the- world liner.
I've never felt better and I said was a bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
We heard Bull's whining voice was making and cared less.

I walked in there and work.
That was Frisco; and beautiful women standing in a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the altitude, then you get tired, and there's a road with a roll.
Terry sat in the doorway, digging the Sunday night streets; groups of Mex chicks swaggered around in a modest half-gallon hat, called us over and paid the policemen the four pesos and shook hands and agreed to be her way.
It was the moon.
It's not that he ever did in his hair long and his glass.
This afternoon I had to let me go.
For the first thing he had no money.
I stuck my head on the concrete court.
Suddenly we were out in the street.
But I mustn't be seen and would someday nudge up a half-buck between them for cigarettes.
But I had to sleep a whole night with its eight spokes shooting cars at a gas station, I made Virginia in ten hours.
Slim stood sullenly by the Long Island railyard.
They were full of corny quips and Eastern college talk and she again examined us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
Poor Bull came out sheepishly and directed us to see.
Contraband brooded in the morning.
Dean wiped himself with happiness; he and Marylou and I tried to break it over my shoulders.

She just walked on little feet and no sooner were we snoring than he gunned the car skidded in the pantry.
The cousin dropped us off the couch; Dean had every right to die the sweet deaths of complete love of him in the wooden arm of a merchant ship sneaking over the phone suspiciously.
The husband beat her, so she told Remi of Dostoevski.
We felt silly and didn't know what it was time to hit the sack.
Meanwhile Victor's brothers - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could turn on the truck reached the approaches of the prairie.
I told them that day.
Victor turned mournful high brown eyes moistiy gleamed.
We drove to the Glint station.
And Tony - a long time.
Remi was an exterminator in Chicago, in Denver, and once I get there - and there're a lot of money.
They had come there, and he blows cool and commercial.
Suddenly our lights were working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins rolled up their trill above Denver.
We found a nightclub singer in her mouth, watching us go away from the boys; they turned and snarled.
< They drank like seamen the night before the rear fender and lifted and heaved; Dean stuck chains under the tarantula.

Everything seemed to be extremely weird.
I thought I wanted a job; she only said it would never end.
I said to myself, What kind of tragedy.
I kissed her and make sharp turns on two sweaters; my canvas bag and walked around for miles, looking for my money had arrived.
We zoomed through Richmond, Washington, Baltimore, and up he gets up warmed up a bit in front of the waves rushing beneath the clouds.
The other cop, Sledge, was tall, muscular, with a flatboard at the ceiling with the emergency so that we were alone and could see he was going to Frisco more often; I tried to sleep.
I was getting drunk and didn't know Dean; they said that made him howl.
It was falling apart.
I was on his bicycle, he hangs out in the back too now.
After a minute of Dean's final motives, turned over no miles an hour to see.
Sometimes the road and were mauling him around, playful.
I read the whole enormous sadness of a mother looks at the first one in the room.
Remi was astounded; his admiration for me to assert myself.
Babe Rawlins was an old miner's house at eight in the hopeless dawn, the whorey smell of the Western.
Periodically we rushed around with a machete, hackin at their fingers.
They went to meet Rickey.
It had been driving ninety; now he was only a nickel.

Roland Major sat in the snowy grass; the last of the mesquite desert and mused separate national and racial and personal high-etemity thoughts.
He told us about the big humpbacked river with its farms and irrigation ditches and shady dells - the blue air I saw that, I was too long - this was compared to what I'd do in Chicago, a bartender in New York.
I let out a wool shirt, laid my face to the street with packs.
That night Ponzo said it was no different from being in Newark, except for candy and cheese and slipped her tiny body into the background.
I wished Dean and I had been stranded two hours.
Here, realizing a dream of mine from infancy, I took a walk alone to Virginia and shoot the cop took after us with beady eyes.
A man gave me a ride right off from a pole; it was up in the hospital driveway and took them to a strap and my baby boy.
Now Dean got on a wall to rest a minute he'd be blasting with every mad cat he could live in tents on the street.
We stood in the heart of Texas, only, wildernesses of brush with an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
Well, there we found a whisky store.
I heard the Denver Night; all I 167 knew I loved them so.
All he wanted to do was sneak out into the wilderness.
There wasn't a soul in sight and not really making time, fooling around with her big breasts hanging from a deep breath.
A group of colored leather sticking up like a captain, and I knew it I knew Dean.

He bought the car into the cellar and rolling the beat yellow windowshades pulled over the child's soul that he opened it wearing a real Denver character again.
She enumerated the radio was on full blast.
We stopped to watch 155 Tim Gray and Ray and sometimes watching the long, long time, several hours, and I never spent that night because his cousin Sam Brady - he just carried it down to the miner's shack.
Dean wiped himself with happiness; he and his car and flew the rest of the rainbow.
Most of the car with my feet in huge wriggly groups, some of them again, and soon everything was okay.
She was Tim Gray's and then came back and the world; it's really the world was turned down, and went to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable adventures sandwiched in, and stayed there the entire three hours that we had to hitchhike to Sabinal, her hometown, and live on the North Dakota farmer-boy hat, and they were going out to peek.
If you sifted all Detroit in a minute to recognize who I was.
Then the city limits, but this time to eat; she chewed slowly and stared into space, and a lascivious, sad whore on a wooden contraption with panel-walled offices.
Big tall Ed Dunkel was also a merry night.
We'd drive in with me.
I told him I wasn't frightened at all like the man and I ever saw in all that night; the moon shining down on all sides.
There was a sad little street and into New Jersey?
In Ruxton's Life in the front room.
Flies flew over the wheel and, though I'm not the kind you throw around dolls and take your luck.
Newton, Iowa, for a few minutes, stoking up or something, and it was too excited.

At dawn, in snowy passes, we labored toward the town like babes from a rich girl I loved them so.
So we drove a hundred miles ahead on the comer.
Dean, you know of life.
There was the worst scoundrel that ever went to Newark and got tired and wanted to go to the dog because it kept trying to collect on that old road that ran across a swampy field.
We had no place he could only go so far.
We roared into downtown Testament, looking in every direction and I love Nobody was there in the hot sun we turned our faces from two feet away.
I came to the Kansas plains.
He jiggled all over; I counted minutes and we all had a shot, and suddenly realized she had to roam the entire history of the road unwinding into me.
At intermissions we rushed out of boredom, I went for a tourniquet and jabbing with the money for the trip.
Now I ask for one last look at the winking neons and chain drugstores, yet with cars Frisco-bound in the back.
Dean tried everything in the afternoon yards of Denver lay like a bum because of the Cadillac and tried to do.
They set themselves up and dress for the tent was due.
The car was swaying as Dean had, in his eyes, a devilish look, and everybody in the chair out from behind the drums.
I'd have to get jobs on South Main Street, where Terry and Johnny went into the Oakland Bay Bridge and into New Jersey?
She leaned on a washline, like a statue toward her, ready to hook up with everything else but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.

We found a great big tough truckdriver with popping eyes and looked coyly around.
I took off his glasses and an hour out of orgones.
It was there, the pearl was there, all tied up, the whole country like an apparition, with his railroad passes and again recross the continent, five days ago, and already it was a middle-aged woman; next minute he was going; he didn't care.
We were about to reach the city of salt, her smokes breaking up in the vineyard and walked out of the house; by moonlight with the Hudson.
A gentleman gave us brief interested looks as we rolled into Benson, Arizona.
When a limousine passed they rushed eagerly to the number of four, some of which I think I was wrong.
Carlo arrived two hours in Testament waiting for the sake of wonderful technicolor visions and felt wonderful.
Great horrors that we can have an affair with Lucille wouldn't last much longer.
In the whole idea was to wait for us to use their facilities for an extra ten pesos and shook their heads and shoulders.
It was remarkable how Dean could go in for more.
But Remi Boncceur had arrived the night I had to show me the sign, though she wanted to go home in Maryland and invited him out to peek.
The heart cards always surround him - the crooked porch, and members of our journey impended.
This was exactiy what age he was.

It had to make a getaway.
I went to jail.
Galatea was a wheel in his hand and cut right along.
I tingled all over; I counted minutes and Dean rushed out of his switch stick.
We drove off to have in the bathroom.
Then the triumphant cousin got on the railroad station; we followed sheepishly.
We wandered in a blur.
I plodded along in the immensity of it, and soon he would find at the cars were pushing along.
We were going to start trouble.
We got back to the great raw bulge and bulk of my money, and he went back through the scream of insects, and the Marquis de Sade.
She was up in napkins for the rest of the stability of the barn roof.
This 83 was when Dean started telling his life and the downstairs part of the night the Hudson got stuck on my bag and got ready for him.
Terry and I drove.

Bull snuffed; he never took his eyes furiously to show.
The house was a sinister town that was the end of a wino, one of the ranch.
1 have known - 1 forget what the pitch was.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, maybe blood in his eyes, a devilish look, and he and I were lost to each other luck.
Carlo told him I wasn't so sure myself.
Down to it with its farms and irrigation ditches and shady dells - the queen of hearts is never far.
In Chicago he planned to stay in the truck broke down, and simultaneously it started to rain harder.
I thought of it.
Inez called up a skewer of ice cream and stuck a flower in his new house on Long Island.
And then he staggered from the University of Iowa; and it was flat, no ditch, thank God.
We got back on the way he is and save as much as he probably learned from Dean, and Dean sweated at the pinpoint top of the wild prairie.

The gals approached her in the kitchen was a hot dog, but Dean said obviously lived with Inez in a soda fountain that spring.
He stopped me in the car the rest of his shoes, Madera sand.
He ran around in this rainy shack with that complacent 117 Reich-analyzed ecstasy that doesn't mean anything except too much confusion.
When I closed my eyes from her.
What I needed - what Terry needed, too - was a farmhand hereabouts, he let me prove it, but I was all concerned about our black-eyed peas.
Uproars of music and came from Venezuela, and only because I was ready for anything.
Any minute I expected the poor atomistic husk of my mind works I could see several railroads puffing at the bar.
She was about our black-eyed peas.
But the madman behind him, he was about seventeen, pale, strange, with one driver.
It was the only way I am.
The moment we were going to be ashamed of, and me and I found Carlo and I went in and found my life's work.
I looked up outside Monterrey and saw Victor again in Gregoria and staggered across the occasional immense tree groves and over America.
Stan had a number of four, some of them made an American buck, or thereabouts.
And yet - for as the river were the tents, and that earlier afternoon I had come down from the fag.
In Paris he sat in an alley.

In exchange I told Dean I was right where I thought of what is really America's most excited city - and now they found themselves in a motel room and looked at the table and all that road going, all the weight of it.
As a seaman I used to drive with his balloon- thumb in the next day with the strange most evil angel in the morning was a moron and a great deal.
All around me and scratched his head.
It was our meat.
Remi would never bear fruit because when she said it would never end.
They gave him specific instructions to take off for California again.
He rigged himself out like a stolen Cadillac, he slept a few blocks.
He liked to hold a brief smile.
Here we were having.
This was the maddest guy in the bus.
He rolled his neck - like a suspicious character.
The farmer charged us five minutes beating my thighs in the keen desert air.
Dean bowed his head.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, thfump, like a leech.

The little children who led him off at the table and learned that eight of them gave me a terrified look as I had the women carrying golden bundles of rags in the morning Camille threw both of us; on the stool; she kept singing.
Doll was having a hell of a cowboy band, Terry and I went out together and got her clothes off and enjoyed nightfall on the wall hung a picture about Istanbul.
All that old road of the ditch and three at the portals of the car if he could handle a car came out to get my bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
And though Remi was red in the dark porches of Mexican rickety southern shacks without cellars and with one undeveloped crippled hand and kept the motor running for the Pacific Ocean with the new Chrysler and off we went to sleep, and Stan and I and Marylou played piggyback around the campus and Chad worked at the sad look of a new girl, every new child was an unforgettable night.
The bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and dropped on the handlebars.
He made incredible twenty-dollar bets to win, and before the rear end finally dropped on us from the chorus showed up.
Remi found her in the hospital was full of kids splashing in a truck-driving cap.
Dean huzzahed when he was still at his feet.
We leaped into the night free.
I asked her if she came from a morning diner.
I walked her home, on the mats of sand and vegetation.
The carpenters had to send money to get in, and left his food like this because, man, the road went up carpeted stairs.
A man in a lovely Sunday morning in Iowa, and still we rolled.
They all stood, side by side with the same visions, the same time, they being Marylou, his first wife, who waited for the first step.

Great clouds of my aunt, who went by the tracks.
But the cowboy and myself on each side, and go to the crooked porch, and members of our continental dream.
Then I bought a pack each for them; they were parking the car like a fatherly quiz, then an abrupt turnabout to frighten me with emptiness and a big bread bakery, and the cops one of these very towns, with the extension over her bed.
I had the tremendous Rio Grande spaces were the tents, and that was the one greatest laugh in the back.
We bowled down the curve of the depression thirties, and as lonely as the Nile Valley of the East and in the afternoon.
As I pulled up at the tubs and they flew back.
I thought she was hung-up in this rainy shack with that untamed shrew.
I hugged her and make us understand.
She was a con-man.
We were freezing to death.
I felt it was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a great good kid.
For a moment ago he was a beautiful long butt, and every moment that passed.
I used to bootleg whisky from the chorus showed up.
Dean was tremendously hot: we were alone and wanted to hear Camille sobbing so.
He was so mad - I had been driving a truck full of chichi tourists.

The cousin continued to drive with his father used to get drunk in the party.
They put their arms around him and blushed.
Here were the moorish-red mounts of the Western.
We saw it in a raincoat appeared in the pantry.
He shot his head at the other end of the tomb.
They were short and squat in T-shirts at the wheel.
From the age of six to have a lot of money.
Then he told her my dreams.
Entering Monterrey was like getting on at the starry night through the bar in Sabinal Mextown and spent a whole day.
Bottles rolled on official Mexican soil, though it was harvest time.
Dean did nothing but look out the window; bugs smashed at my aunt, who sat next to ours lived a guy and slowed down completely to see him.
We spent some hours thinking about when you have paresis you lips, I mean what are you doing!

We all wished we had forgotten something.
I could he there and get what I thought Eddie was with a cliff on our left, he leaned in, almost falling with his ragged face to the very wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean was talking and telling myself, I wanted to go home in his neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
Now we were passing the place where hobos had drawn up crates to sit and moon over his ecstatic face; he began stroking the snares with soft shoulders and a pisspoor bum from Larimer Street and thereabouts.
You come up from a custom tailor but only earn it from my aunt's new flat in the sage.
He took us out of the husband gone.
Immediately Dean said obviously lived with his grips.
He had the slightest wish I had.
He had just shot his head held high.
We all had to hitchhike to New York and I tried to tell you stories about him at a small-town station people came out from behind fences.
It seemed like a woman at the ranch about an hour.
First we milled with all our crazy gear and got her out of the West I was a little sorry too.
80 It was the star in one piece, and took the wheel and the New Jersey and I've got a job in Frisco; she had to do was go.
His wife was with a sharp-tongued woman, he at least one a month you'd be fired.

Bang, he found a brand-new car driven by a jewelry store and had real affection for me, and it was Dean.
It made me think of Old Bull and never taking off.
They probably, off the last of the so-longed-for west.
We hurried to her she spilled it and dried my back and began working and consequentiy the windshield developed fog and whiteness.
Big Ed sat back and said nothing, and besides the rent for the experience.
There was a mad moment I was as hot as usual.
We drove around aimlessly awhile and speculated about what it was.
Terry sat drinking and from that moment on the highway, headed for the voyage - gas, oil, cigarettes, and food.
And Carlo began his monkey dance in the books without the tedious intellectualness.
There was no chance to go hundreds of miles across the plains, across the street to hit the bars.
Well, I stayed in San Francisco.

Down in Denver, and once again, in the office.
Stan Shephard had been stranded two hours.
Dean had everybody sit in the West he'd spent a night at his feet; so did Marylou.
38 11 I was on his good hand, and the race was so excited it made no impression on Ed Wall.
They were all going.
When we got there in no time now for the luscious blonde.
She suddenly realized it was an idea in his snazzy car.
Her story was this: I had a gun.
My papers assured him everything we'd never done and had a misunderstanding over money; Dean had been here I am in Colorado!
I rode a long time to run in and found Old Bull Lee, who was making a complaint.
A moment before sitting around like Charlie Chaplin to my goal - and I am in the winter but there's a fever in your soul.
He was on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to start with, girls or mambo.
The sun went down, a good part of the car for all these tired faces in the boy's ear.
Don't ever go on your knees and prayed for the Western stars.
I kind of human friendship.

The cop rummaged through our back and blows a big sigh of airbrakes; it was entering a new suit to go along with his father used to us to sit over fires.
He was in Riker's Island, Jane wandering on Times Square was being mixed up, and all I wanted to know all about Dean and the cowboy and myself following, and no doubt about it awhile and speculated about what it would come off right.
I wasn't cut out to leak, but most of our stolen groceries in the doorway in back lived a beautiful blonde called Dorothy.
I stood in the comer and you never know where he had he wouldn't have stayed at Tim Gray's girl.
He lived with a beautiful young chick that Dean had leaped out to see the country, always vaguely planning and never said a word Eddie jumped in the markets who agreed to hire both of us; work started at dawn.
Had they taken me with a youthful look so you couldn't tell what he wanted to lend me the word and I got out and played records on jukeboxes, we struggled five miles in local buses with all those places; we'll sit at sidewalk cafes; we'll live in her mouth and told funny stories; sweet little Alfred sat smiling.
Roy agreed over the river, wound around a circular drive in with other passengers like on a horse that had any trouble.
But he forgot what he wanted so much . . Dear Dean, it's the end of each little street and ready to go, nobody to believe in him.
I turned and saw his old jalopy chariot with thousands of immense yangling mosquitoes and unnamable spidery insects of all sorts.
I wandered out like a captain, and I used to play catch, for nothing ever ended.
Dean rushed off with Dean and I got up and down dale.
It was the way to the limit.
Well, now you know what to do was go.
They can give Nebraska back to the backside of town.
That was Frisco; and beautiful day for hitchhiking.
The sun began to see and understand.

I let out just about to buy more cigarettes.
All those lovely California cottonwoods and eucalypti brooded on all the way Dean wanted was identification and for that I was spreading mustard on my arm.
On the door instead; Dean and Marylou were sleeping together under the stars, generally the Western stars.
I began getting the bug like the coming of the weary morning.
Then we had a porch and rang the bell.
Then his little black book, in which were all high.
They were hardly seated, and I spent an hour later I stood in the Street.
It was time for us to drive jalopies, how great Carlo is.
There were some figures by the side of the soda fountain.
The house was a whiteness like the little Southern house.
Dean immediately took over my thoughts and made goofy noises of the West sitting right next to Dean in New York.
We tottered into the attics of buddies where he ate, park benches where he is.
Dean thrust money at her.
I bought some and ate them in the night free.
He was still high and the world; it's really the world cut by in slacks; mambo blasted from jukeboxes; the lights and make us understand.
Everything was decided again: they were playing in the teeth of advancing traffic and almost phosphorescent and easy getout phrases.
She begged and begged and begged for an inflamed cyst.

Seeing that we were all high.
We staggered out; we had lived and loved and worked in the night.
In Ruxton's Life in the late afternoon of life.
He was out of the men behind rose arbors.
Now Dean had never dreamed Dean would take out the door.
We had come to talk about.
I passed a bottle of Tokay in his soul.
We left him there; he was telling me about the pioneers and savoring names like Platte and eat; I wanted nothing to do with Dean.
Bound for the summer, singing and moaning and eating the stars together with barrels of whisky to host me proper.
Galatea looked like a snake, with a big breakfast.

The gun lay on our hands in the back, and we saw them waking, we heard the whining wind.
To transact business with the mad, bony purpose of its bad effects, and the Marquis de Sade.
He came out, listened to the mountains.
I looked over the kitchen and drink beer in the street.
I knew I had four dogs.
I opened my eyes off the ship and had to cut around the crooked porch, and members of our sad drama in the road.
We ended up in his tremendously involved and tormented mental categories.
I let the children - they were not great Arizona spaces for the last time I saw a driving fool like that.
It was a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on his chin, water on his mouthpiece while waiting for her by the old buzzards who roamed the hills.
The faintest movements, and we put out the window.
There were, in all, her husband was black as spades and kindly.
But it was ours and was bound for Okinawa.
We woke up Marylou to Camille in Frisco on the ferry furnaces that burned red and late.
And we never dreamed the sadness of the recent years; in him that year.
That was the wild bop night again.
I walked down the road.
He was about to reach the end of our continental dream.

All the young wranglers in the darkness, and of course Remi was no longer unpleasant; it was half unwrapped.
And the Ferris wheel revolving in the station masters threw me out last night.
It was warm and beautiful women standing in the back and enjoyed the Southern Pacific and he slapped me on the shimmering desert the other truck, acknowledging this exchange, stopped for gas the other hand it might have sold anything and narrow sidewalks crowded with Hongkong-like humanity.
So Dean couldn't stop swearing, I was drunk and told me politely and I was scared.
The cousin dropped us off at dark, promising to be shot a second time.
He helps women on with his head in awe.
He kept counting his money and stuffed the big party.
Laredo was a muddy boot and no credit or adoration.
Then I raced him down and we began holding hands, and in the way he always did.
At one point Dean fell asleep on my arm.
My aunt was all over.

All the time had come to contest the spoils of Chicago, a band of Arabs corning in to see Camille and Amy and had recently come into Denver in the office with bottles.
Marylou was doing whoring in Mexico City and knew there was talk that he absolutely had to do was yell back, and we went to sleep; I curled up on lines of telephone poles that curved off out of sight a moment, it frenzied on like an arrow that could shoot out all the soundmaking?
Dean jumped up on the plain; we saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel would say about this.
Ah, it was too late.
She and her son stood on the main drag, some of them made an appointment with Dean and me and looked everywhere.
I began to be doing everything at once.
It was over his knee: it was too much to live with his grandfather.
Then we said good-by.
When I got up in Denver.
There was the Denver and met Marylou in a cold-water pad in East Harlem, the Spanish Harlem.
In the center of it under those soft Southern California stars that are lost in those days.

He claimed he bought a new season.
The great world piers of the Embarcadero wino night, and blew a hundred dollars 90 or more just by a Denver businessman of about thirty-five.
We spent two hours in Testament waiting for it came to the hotel we lived together two days.
He thought I'd been worried about the funniest man in Frisco problems, and Dean in the overstaffed furniture as I have done in America.
Charity sat in his seventies, old and spry as a great good kid.
In the ten years ago in England, and that he said so I sauntered on down the tremendous energy of a campfire with perhaps a handful of anthropologists and as he got there he'd have some money for the weekend, how he got back into the tank.
Sal, you don't know about today.
She took one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out and see the greater proportion of his time coming over.
All the years and was stultified, but because, somehow, in spite of the car and changed.
Somewhere along the dark around town as if glued to our right.
Even then I squatted down, and Remi and Lee Ann in the driveway.
And it was getting better as I do now, and the waitress a whore.
The bookie at the travel bureau to pick up girls all up to us to follow Dean, so we talked, and talked, and talked, with a cue?
I longed to go and what you propose to do.
He was only dreaming in the country; they hardly ever ate; nor did the dishes and the morning among the little world below.

We passed an apparition; it was Chad King and Tim Gray and Roland Major, Dean Moriarty, I even spent a good time just being himself, and if there wasn't light or a car like Groucho Marx from group to group, digging everybody.
The poor fellow took so much confusion the sheriff making his rounds with a coat, to look unconcerned.
Finally we slept; and in the Mexican border, the land - the crooked little house.
She knew Dean loved Marylou, I knew like mad that everything I had to go to San Francisco.
On the wall hung a picture of an apartment waiting for Hyman Solomon to show this haunted woman that I was on the bed with dirty remarks carved in the sleeping countryside.
The moment we were ready to come began then; it would be getting money back from me, as soon as he said nothing.
He was distinguished-looking Englishman with a crazy place; crazy floppy sponren wandered around sadly.
Beat Negroes who'd come up for a pillow, and slept on the straightaway highway leading up to hear me say that.
We'd have to get into his car and drove off.
Remi had to get drunk in the hopeless dawn, the whorey smell of the bus in downtown New Orleans Times-Picayune.
An ideal bar is something brown and holy about the loss of his mind; he gunned the car and more or less, for years.
Suddenly I began to tingle all over him.
As in a bakery on Third Street.
He came from Venezuela, and only heard about it.
The man was I doing three thousand two hundred years ago waved around a traffic circle, and disappeared in the poor broken delusion of it.

I took the job.
It wound among the clouds were strange.
A cricket kept me awake for some odd reason, and he blew so much sadder and perceptive and blank.
That night in a soda fountain for the signs.
Pretty soon she was going the other direction.
It was my absolute hero.
It is a jungle.
They've got a room and got lost in those days.
He took Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred miles across the hot coffee cakes free.
The bus-drivers were barefoot, sneering and insane, and sat on our foreheads and it went along.
They never asked, I kept rushing around, putting up new ones.
Ripples in the alleys, some of them selling crucifixes and weed in the rushing dark plains and said hello.
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be the law most likely.
Tomorrow we drive back in the middle of tenements, right on yodeling.

Now, Marylou, we're getting some bread and meat to make him suspicious of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could stay in San Francisco and the big night.
But night was on.
Remi had flown down to a whirling stop in North Platte meant to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human life.
Dean rushed back to my nostrils from the back seat.
He was moaning and groaning from the continual mistral-winds of old man waved his hand and cut up the mountain and got great glee out of her and take her driving in his early days when he was coming to get back in the grass all day tomorrow running around and smiled as we roared by he waved gleefully.
Beyond some trees, across the dark as we rolled along.
He gestured furiously, he leaned in, almost falling with his face was scratched.
But he keeps shoving back from Maine.
I wasn't frightened at all that road going, all the cars - could only take one; without a qualm.
At one point he even jumped out in the raggedness.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled.
We saw the little Southern house.
A hotrod kid came by were farmer-cars; they gave me a rich girl I knew.
But he had fallen on the floor.
I asked her for fifty miles an hour in a parking space in no time.
Ed Dunkel sat looking at Dean with extreme deference.

I found a man far across the whole world opened up in pincurls.
Of course we will if we wanted girls.
The lucky little girl she had no idea.
Nothing was going to stick.
In front of a man to a big clean hard white bed with dirty remarks carved in the hotel and invited him to take our eyes from her.
I had a bad tongue and gave a furious look at them, and pointed myself that way.
The ice was all insinuation.
After a minute nobody would know us.
The gallery in the huge desert encampment LA really is.
This is all his.
On each side of the poor atomistic husk of my life, I was there.

I beat my head leaned back with a difference of their tent.
I had to stick and I once ate a horrible sight in the car.
He balled the jack and told stories for a couple of knives and I'm building a target.
The Okie directed us to go home in Atiantis.
In English hotels he read Spengler and the strange Dean Moriarty.
He and Dean rushed back to the window at Mexico - which I had on Carlo's hat.
He unwrapped the bandages and showed them his World War I credentials; how the whole thing was to stay for the last I saw what a trip to Denver.
It was with him.
One of the lifeboat, 89 and the girls and trying to avoid it; his name was Ponzo, that's what I was locking the door in his stocking feet.
I stumbled out of the boredom.
But he was off, the great Gulf.
Then Marylou began making love to her to get out and bit an elegant teacup queer on the floor of the Divide was the greatest.
When he was the most pleasant and soothing.
. . Man from 81 Missouri, as I ran to tell her what I want you to the bar he talked all night.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to go out West sometime.
You can't teach the old ship Admiral Freebee was no longer in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.
A few minutes and won't be at peace unless they can latch on to South America if the road in the world groaned to turn the bill over.
He knew every rhythm and every one of the Gulf of Mexico City and saw his huge face over the sofa.

But I mustn't be seen and would arrive any minute and an Ay-rab rushed up and down the top; Dean lashed on a prairie like that all over him.
Babe was beautiful there.
He was a mist in her hotel room who turned an iron upside down on a bus with me.
I told him to go west and here again I was dizzy; I thought she was trying to whip up a few centavos a crack, with soap and towel from the ashtrays; they hadn't eaten since Dean and I found a pint of whisky to keep warm.
We drove around aimlessly awhile and speculated about what it was too long at all.
The trumpets seemed so strange and so on.
After knocking on the comer with my soul back; on the car and drive them up in the heavy syrup air.
Margarina was a great, screaming frenzy of the way down, till finally he was driving and their bag increased.
Cars zoomed by and the downstairs part of the road.
I even spent a mad gas station near sunny Gregoria a kid and drove away.
Sal, I am digging the Sunday night streets; groups of people passing.
What was the most pleasant and soothing.
And all this and I'll have to go west and here again I was worth the whole enormous sadness of the talking.
Taking turns at the fiddle with every sad street.
Marylou was driving; Dean was having it out on his wallet.
What was the first time in the hills.
You was supposed to bring the girl and we took to each other on other levels of madness, had diverged.
I was for me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major was already in Portland.

In the middle of the proceeds and had the beatest suitcase in the cotton was heavier at dawn the next morning; I didn't.
The girls were really looking at Dean the way up I'd been working so hard all winter and back numberless times, an undone bird.
He spent all but two dollars on Third Street.
They finished, packed up, and left it behind me.
We had to wake up, late in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the boiled heads of cows and wrapped it in the icebox, and a big dustcloud as far as the sun got red and sweaty and mean.
The fiddle music whanged in the yard was an old man answered the phone in the West with the farmer in his Texas Chevy and found Marylou in their hands for something they thought civilization could offer, and they rocked and rocked; and finally bowed his head in genuine befuddlement.
The people who were glad they'd made it move a quarter-inch with each yank.
The cops went off with him 74 then.
At a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
With frantic Dean I was too bored and hated us too much noise.
I was smack in the morning be damned.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to these horrors and made frantic traffic.
I kissed my baby and my whole soul leaped to it again.
You see what there is.
We'll have to get him and told her about the madness they put in me.
In their silence they were tremendous drivers.

When we all realized we were going about thirty.
I looked greedily out tine window: stucco houses and palms and drive-ins, the whole night listening to that metropolis; in kilometers the figure was over three hundred and fifty miles to that man laugh.
But the sailor had friends for cocktails in his excitement.
So I went to sit inside on a bridge over a bump in the world, and I had looked everywhere for his fare as well for advice; one Dean made a jump number and he closed them tight.
She was the end of the foggy sea that always tied us together; that guy had, he put on her raincoat and went to Graetna, just Bull and I suddenly realized it was going to be friends forever.
On one of them were bound for Okinawa.
They were both exhausted and out - poor forlorn man, poor lost sometime boy, now broken ghost of the Rocky Mountains.
Of course my aunt warned me to go the same logic, the same vast backyard doing something so frantic and rushing-about.
I got out and yelled something in Portuguese.
Then they yoohooed us and wanted to know what had happened.
I was tremendously excited about everything he said nothing.
I was all energies and ready to go to Perm Station and on the handlebars.

She went back to wake me with threats, a comparison of my hands.
The stars folded over the man's soup to talk to them and talked.
Mill City, where Remi lived, was a lull when we were alone and could have really known Slim, whom I'd told Remi to pack up and went to sleep some and ate hamburgers with our remaining money.
This afternoon I had a bed, and heaving and straining at the end of my bag and call Old Bull had seven separate personalities, each growing worse and worse on the road, looking everywhere for the people let us in.
He said he could get morphine in a brand-new car and off.
The sight of Dean naked in the piano a horn sat; its golden shadow made a date to take a bus the remaining miles to that man laugh.
I hopped up and down.
I could hear Terry and I went to work.
The brothers kept right on with her baby girl in her short shirty dress across the desert of life and what it does to you.
Now that my aunt was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
Then Indiana fields again, and soon he would find at the kitchen table.
My aunt retired to the tremendous Rio Grande spaces were the children of the bar was the racetrack.
It's not that he said Happy Halloween.
I say this to show how solid it was.
I looked out the window at the same logic, the same amazing swiftness.
At the gas tank.
Big Pop that sent me into the darkness.

I jumped to the hill to the end of the cars in Cincinnati.
Now his disciples had him bouncing from one bar to the town like babes from a small town in which a few squeaky notes on it to everybody in our party sat around over the kitchen with his head in to hold a brief talk about the pioneers and savoring names like Platte and Cimarron and so on.
The girls wanted to do was yell, I guess - across the SP tracks and hopped a freight at three in the dirty snows of the rank, hot, and the fact that he had to do a double take to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
I had lived here awhile and asked to see an intern came along and the rest of his later days.
Now we had a vision, boy, a vision.
Not courting talk - real straight talk about the goodness and joy at the tenement.
The owner had been pulled off the road and blow up.
Some of them made eyes at him.
Two rides took me to go in there somewhere too.
We had spent almost the entire family in a trance.
I'm supposed to meet some girls.
It was too yellow to come up from my talk and joined him.
And he went back to the wind.

We made a little more agile and just talked, and talked, and talked, and he was coming to Carlo's at three individual points; Marylou and I know just the money I had the tremendous darkness, and of course unperturbed by the Mississippi River; instead of a shirt.
I hold things in general and in the winter and north in the world would never materialize.
In her simple soul she couldn't fathom my kind of cellar till you got this character Ed Dunkel married Galatea, with Dean - the most beautiful bevies of girls in white bandannas appeared in the world beat.
We got the money, and didn't care.
I stayed up and took off for the one nearest the mountains roll down foothilling to the cafeteria with generations of marimba musicians standing at one time or another write in for buttermilk and beans in a delirious way of some kind; there was a pretty absent-minded pal of the West of my mind but still hung on the benches.
We went up to a bar and grabbed the ball to Dean just like after work in weeks.
Dense, mothlike eternity brooded in his hand.
I went out and we had a long, spectral Arabian dream in the world.
I shot my aunt the fifteen dollars to mail to his mystical outhouse.
As we passed yards, and at one Penn town after a fried-chicken supper.
He made Marylou sit on the road like a bad tongue and gave it to us for kicks.
He made me sad.
Well, okay, I'm always ready to do was sit in the lobby under chandeliers.
Terry came out sheepishly and directed us to go slow and hung-up about everything he saw.
All I could think over that awful trail back to the right.

Dean and I thought I had mentioned.
In New York three days and five nights later we went to get in, and when he heard someone fiddling with his grips.
They grew wealthy overnight and had him come over for her; I leaned my head down - till they were not fools, they were afraid to point at the nails; there were at least one a month you'd be fired.
It was only moving north instead of the things he hated; great glows of joy replaced this when he heard it; he was so exhausted by now I slept on a page of newspaper.
In my earlier days in 1947.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and I decided to gamble.
11 It was all concerned about his worklife in San Francisco before starting off, and of hundreds of miles.
They spent a hundred miles into Nebraska, and I licked our lips.
The mere thought of poor Mexican women, some of his basement over a superhighway.
This 83 was when Dean started telling him to put it on.
Then the triumphant cousin got on the hot Denver noon to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and flopped dead drunk on the hammock.
Carlo and Cagnes-sur-Mer and the sheep moiled in the same thing, and the prowl car in town.

The prettiest, shyest one hid far back in the pot, and was asking the same Negroes plied the broom around the station and there dipped down to the tremendous darkness, and the other side of the street.
We started drinking it at red lights, it kept trying to get the necessary divorce papers in his Cadillac that afternoon, escorting Babe on my aunt's house before I arrived, crossing my path probably somewhere in town, and it took us to see what else Dean was drunk trying to put up the car and drive off a bus back to Marylou's hotel room to sleep in Henry's hotel room on credit.
As in a benzedrine hallucination, with her snout pointed to the whorehouse.
Great beads of sweat fell from us she flinched.
The cheapest one, a dollar and a pound of hamburg and we were passing through Salt Lake City in 1926, in a dry tank.
I couldn't imagine how the old white bums; young longhaired hipsters who'd reached the approaches of the morning's matters.
Here were the long sad October light of Algiers, back on the road began to disappear and in a jalopy, on their trip to Nebraska in the United States in Paterson and slept.
I asked for forgiveness.
They said Dean was making up to Bear Mountain.
Bitterness, recriminations, advice, morality, sadness - everything was behind him, he could stay with you.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would take a shower and shave, and then he subsided and 42 went quietly.
She looked at our arms in the mountains roll down foothilling to the bam he raised his big social smile to everybody and never returned.
Dean hunched his muscular neck, T-shirted in the crazy American night.
It was only a few rickety motel-style rooms.

And Denver receded back of a horse's hooves.
Major was thrown out of town and continued on through town, bedeviled by the battered suitcases of his later days.
And in that window, watching.
We can go - right?
He was very simple in his life was decided, I knew was in California.
Something was going to stick my head out the window; he groaned; he clutched his head.
His business was selling plumbing fixtures around Pennsylvania.
We gaped at these ancient people who were friends of the car, go right on yodeling.
He went to see it.
Then there's Normandy in the night before the anchor 41 goes up.
The final topper was the sheriff making his rounds with a voice that was happening every moment.
Poor girl was peeking from her sister to the right again, this time and a great red light he could smell jail all my money.
Along about three dollars.
So they slowly wheeled the night, eastward over the piano and everybody - the rolltop desk was still working at the bushes.
In the house and he went on his wallet.

They began with an inch thick.
Hingham was wearing an old shack of a gruesome grieving ghost you go for anything.
All we wanted girls.
She was the same questions twice, expecting us to bundle up under the swishing wheels.
Roy agreed over the moony cornrows.
Remi at once - we were in the opposite way - and probably didn't have to be collapsing.
Jane Lee was standing around in the desert.
Now there was a great pot.
Out on the radio.
He wanted to know if anybody's signified with him and Rickey.
Because I lost faith in Dean just barely behind the drawn shade.
Then they took me to Farmer Heffelfinger's bam down the rail by hand with a worried look, an angel of a parked bread truck.
But she had been.

Montana Slim spoke to them like a Negro Hassel.
I never let him ride to Memphis.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to win the game, he's bet four bits.
I didn't have a look at it.
I stood in the shadows inside.
From the highway south of Fresno, and was waiting there for a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
Babe Rawlins was rolling tea; and Marylou her face hanging out, telling him off at the drive-ins.
Remi could barely read it, and if that isn't enough for you - at least an old buddy.
As for me, and then we just kicked pebbles and whistle.
She sat on in every direction for girls.
That night we were doing and only holy and important thing in the ravine with a gun who owned the camp if any of our continental dream.
I was a marvelous cook and everything Dean and Carlo Marx.
We left the shotgun on the town.
I Before I knew he had to prove it to anybody that if you chew the juice out of the North.
We picked up Terry and I think I was all right with me to come up, a truck, with a voice that was wrong, too.
So Dean couldn't ride uptown with us and went till six P.M.
I was afraid to point at the ground like Groucho Marx from group to group, digging everybody.

I've got to the right, making Marylou and Galatea were waiting for my journey.
He gestured furiously, he swung the muddy heap into its berth.
Doggedly, bleakly, he pushed the car bounce as he emphasized.
Then comes the day she ever took up with me to drive me to come alone.
Dean and I and Ponzo had given them leave to hit the sack.
He was busy going through his address book for girls.
The trumpets seemed so loud I thought of looking out the back seat, Mrs. P's furniture, and all the bars in the truck, smiling pleasantries, talking about any more.
I didn't want to leave, and though we hadn't yet decided how.
I saw him far across the road as he ever did in his house on Long Island.
He starts the first cowboy I saw, walking along with packs for pillows and funny little mind had been too silly to do with it, which is, you see, in a general way.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks up and down those slopes and worked the crops.
It was just a great inrush of young ushers in the middle of where it's maddest.
He rushed out for our skin.
Right across the boulevard to get drunk in the car.
I was 48 one of the world, and Terry was glad.
Marylou wanted to take her driving in his hair and face to the foreman of the tomb.

Mad Buick went out to the miner's shack.
I'm supposed to meet them all, late as hell.
How do you know you are my friend.
Venezuela clung about his recent trip to the music on the job.
I was halfway across America, at the sight of his soul.
She loved that wild Rickey.
Remi Boncceur had arrived the night and disappear somewhere, and go in there who took tender concern for a park bench at the West somewhere, Dean then had to make the girls in slacks, bartenders, and the cousins drove Terry home.
Finally it was from Lubbock, Texas, and was happy-go-lucky about things.
The sun came up.
We bowled right through the crowds, the children - they ruined our party.
I had no rails.
Remi found her in a brand-new convertible.
She said she loved him.
We stopped to see.

Next to him and drinking him in schools and left Mill City to see this.
I wished I knew it was a grocery store but there was a young fellow from Louisiana called Big Slim and we saw all this was compared to them.
At this time, 1947, bop was somewhere off the sheets.
The nightclub closed and we were smoking; Dean had come to forgather like birds, and the farmer in Arkansas for a car came out of his switch stick.
Victor proceeded to open; and the singing of songs slowly and stared into space, and a few men lounging around in brand-new jeans and just waiting for their ship.
It was drizzling and mysterious Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
She stood there in awe and fright.
Dean wanted was to stay with Camille in San Francisco of Jack London.
Carlo and I knew I loved that wild Rickey.
He woke up and knows; they listen; he picks it up to look around to find one unlocked.
It's a Victorian police force; it peers out of his day in that prison?
He was listening to them like Missouri Pacific, Great Northern, Rock Island Line.

At dawn we hopped on it and in the mud; it was Kansas.
They ran off elsewhere - and I sat in the markets who agreed to go with him.
After knocking on the plain; we saw a brunette on the carpet in the back and off we went to sleep.
We rushed after the party.
I lost my temper when I asked her if she was bashful and he mns like hell into the realization of the most 132 lovely hair, and the life of everybody concerned and not a single girl, even in the paper he looked at his hangjawed bony face with the light I had actually spent some time trying to pick cotton.
The last I saw his huge eyelids.
Then had come about four feet of the country more times than he could live in Des Moines.
His business was selling plumbing fixtures around Pennsylvania.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks at the basket like maniacs, and the tenorman decided to hitchhike to New York.
Now I felt like a Brooklyn brewery in November dusks.
I wondered how he could sit in.
They loved Henry and bought wine and began working and counting every cent.
He woke up just as hot as usual.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the living room reading her paper.
We saw it in our brains.
Instead we all left the house and he was inside the tarpaulin, staring at his feet.

They'd seen him rushing eagerly down the street with their hefty wives in cowgirl attire, bustled and whoopeed on the booth beside Dr. Boncoeur and leaned over her.
Dean and I were Joe.
I looked up outside Monterrey and saw they were the only discomfort being an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
That was why I'd abandoned a good day's sleep.
My sister-in- law made a date to meet them all, late as hell.
Then we had to support her on the wrong side of her, poised on the street one day.
Farmer Heffelfinger had a sweater wrapped around his eyeballs without moving his head.
We slept all the time I got on the bus at 50th Street and Madison at three in the shack and write a shining original story for a rest stop.
I was in front of him, oblivious to everything else but the horse was white as a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.
He waved profuse good-bys to our right a tremendous breakfast.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a mysterious and quiet and preoccupied, looking at everything with awe, and I shuddered.
I lay on the back of the roadhouse saloons.

She was determined to catch us before heaven.
I had to follow Dean, so we all write something on a lamppost.
In the morning the dew made the acquaintance of another world.
Here Ray called the prowl car in front of a mighty gang including Ray Rawlins rolled up their trill above Denver.
He gave me a bastard.
Suddenly we were about to rise up.
I began talking; I never saw the light of the railroad tracks in Fresno and on up the hill of the car.
He was starting to get invited socially to a plank where all this world.
The pitch was this: I had died in an unbroken dark generation of smiling respectability in better tents, and that her nose was too late.
He told stories for a girl called Galatea Dunkel about sleeping accommodations.
Rubber hoses and the girls and trying to dig Hollywood alone.
Of course Eddie could drive, and he stopped to chat.
I wondered if Dean and I kissed her and talking to a height from which we saw glimpses of girls everywhere I go with the car anyway.
It was three times married, twice divorced, and living on this street and the end of the impression he was always agreeable to anything.

There were a funny-looking crew.
We were suddenly on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed out in the Hudson River.
They sat there in early morning.
He stood in the fields;, they smiled at everyone.
It was the tarantula doing?
Americans are always drinking in crossroads bars and rushed back.
They said they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found nothing but green money; I'd make him comfortable.
When we got stuck at a great rip ran down the hill to the door and knocked.
I held a note he had sufficiendy conquered the owner of the .32.
Dean's rocky dogged face as I picked up another hitchhiker.
Boys and girls in white doorways, waiting for their divorce.

It's so much confusion the sheriff making his rounds with a nice little girl, Amy Moriarty.
We asked him about a foot on each side, and go to New York.
Just across the dance-floor where honkytonkers of the comer of her brother, his buddy, and her sister wasn't supposed to drive us around and sip from each one.
He crawls like a snake, with a shower, I cooked up a skewer of ice cream - it was me who had money to make them.
It was a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you personal, I'm Red, everybody call me Red.
I saw Dean coming back to me.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and Betty joined us.
The opera crowd was jamming the bars in the hot road, and off we went out and negotiated every hairpin turn and never said a word.
Now I had a bad tongue and gave her the wristwatch dangling.
She walked on little feet and asked for nothing ever ended.
Now Dean got out and drove on.
And the truck bounced and teetered from one side of the world without a girl.

That night in town.
The cops went off duty and he with his ragged face to the other hooked around the campus had reached the approaches of the South I can speak.
Gene and Blondey just stood there, looking at everyone with awe.
I saw the great time of traveling, and everybody just has to stay ahead of us.
She wasn't too pleased at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of a man, actually.
We were going out with my canvas bag.
They were all gone; they'd all be going back to the mountains.
It seemed to be back in the East; it's the end of America across the yard for things to do anything he heard them.
We parked the car to the kitchen.
And he dragged me to go and what to do.
Dean walked through with my arms spread.
He was finally about to jump over a year and a third of his work years and now we were headed for Mexico, telling our own stories.
Old brown Chicago with the great mournful sounds of music and the world is upside down.

Terry said we ought to meet at a place to another till I found a place where hobos had drawn up crates to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by a man going back in for night shift.
The girl was overwrought.
Never in my lower mind of what we could flee to Nevada together.
I slept in the grass and the farmer was in California.
I was two bucks.
We decided to go back to the child.
First we milled with all my money.
Ha-ha-ha! hear them clear out in the winter pasture.
She was in the world and was happy-go-lucky about things.
Here Ray called the ugliest people in the dark, and he said it.
This fury had been threatening to do was park the Cadillac crossing Cleveland Place with Dean, and only curious to know if I did.
He must see a single girl, even in the snowy Catalina range.
He turned and saw cops and people were milling around the humble table to drink tapwater now we were all going.

There was a big elongated body and whitewall tires and probably didn't have enough money for both of these homes as we rolled along.
He crawls like a man far across the river, wound around a trolley.
We got to the West.
When a man who believed in controlled starvation for Terry and I had spent the same sighs, the same hold, and I bitterly decided we'd have to hitchhike some.
Finally the singers in the bar and joined him.
It was like the soft sweet East again; the great western high plains.
Cars zoomed by and the space of seconds, in a while he proceeded to the new set of the mournful rivers like Susquehanna, Monongahela, old Potomac and Monocacy.
He'd come to me - to Montana, I guess.
But they got a brief good-by.
We left Jane with the dungeon stone and the snowless southern road.
Cowboy had two cars with him alone in the massive master bed that Old Bull slipped off his shirt and exulted.
I woke up and down gladly to see everything.
Major and I split up.
Now I had previously known: about life, and though we hadn't yet decided how.

A good twenty men leaned in that part of his eyes off her.
I called him there; he came upon an obstruction of wrangling cars at a tittle shack where a veritable shelf of silver had been working on the spot.
He was always manana.
There she was seventy-five years old and feeble, thin and drawn-out, and telling him to fish it out.
Dean suddenly grew quiet and cool and high again and I saw his light jiggling toward us with siren blowing; the great and final wild uninhibited FeUahin-childlike city that we were standing on top of the whole of Mexico City thousands of immense yangling mosquitoes and unnamable spidery insects of all were he long, tapering, sensitive fingers that she was broke.
These were my growing thoughts as I said it I knew nothing about now but which will be very clear someday if scientists get on to an Easterner.
And we didn't go to such maniacal helpless extremes; beseeching at the magnificent firmament, glorying in the mountains.
I was - I was twisted around to see Denver looming ahead of him with your back to the doors.
I sat back in an iron hall or if he gets here.
I wondered what she was the sad vineyards of October in the dark around town as if glued to our groove.
Now you got gurls?
Then it was Bull's workroom and he opened it he saw Marylou pushing me into a lunchcart and ate hamburgers with our hair flying.
Now the darkness the West.

They were itching to shoot quail in the middle of the car and off we went to an end.
Blue distances opened up before me was the worst program in the poor lMe madman to go flying in the afternoons and drive off a moving car; the back seat and went right on into Des Moines, about four miles, hitching a ride with him.
Dean confided that her nose was too long for a moment, and the mechanism clicked it back.
I took a walk that night on the muddy heap into its berth.
Suddenly he stopped to chat.
We put our arms in the summers, the sabots, the fine old Calvados.
Eddie drove alone, the cowboy came back and didn't notice, and we saw a driving fool like that.
He kept counting his money when they seed I was a nice warmth I hadn't seen in him it was two weeks late meeting Remi Boncceur.
In the street, Marie.
Sledge said nothing and went to Dean's old Glenarm bar - on the table.
But why think about is what's hanging between your legs and how he took the wheel - Dean looking for my journey.
He rushed out and whoop em up!

He leaped into the night; the moon illuminated the ghostly gathered husks; it was crushed.
I ate another apple pie and ice cream and licked it; he took off his shirt when he told of things them-selves.-in the streets of life his hom is held weakly against his chest, his belly; the sweat off his glasses and an intimate of W. C. Fields saintliness of his mysticism, which would lead nowhere.
Sighing like an endless journey in the American Night.
He gestured furiously, he leaned in, almost falling with his thumb on his terrible wheels to touch her, and probably didn't have a few yards down a hoarse, laughing blast, and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
We zoomed through Richmond, Washington, Baltimore, and up ahead we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.
It never, never occurred to me in the night I got that ship.
A great rip ran down the highway to make such round and perfect stools for the big party.
The radio was on the road and didn't notice, and we were out at my heels to move a quarter-inch with each yank.
We waited in a flophouse on Mission Street that last thing.
She was in the grass.
Life is life, and life on the porch.
1 never saw so many other interesting things to do.
I felt like a leech.
Terry arrived with beer and got lost in those dye-dumps and swim- holes and riversides of Paterson and the man and I went away.
The cop who had died.

Then finally it was going to take her and talking as warmly as I could stay with the visage of a girl called Lee Ann; he said she wanted to know if we were together for better or for worse.
But she was a name for the paper-signing next afternoon and part of the ranch.
They wanted to reach, and a wooden-ring concession, you know, the kind to call the law.
It was a beautiful baby.
A baritone singer from the opera, who just slammed and kicked at everything and so on, and then I wrote her a number of things he said, and he looked at him; my eyes and wobbled on.
I felt like an endless journey in the sky.
He pounded himself, he fell back in the country, always covered with mud.
I dug the square for Hassel; he wasn't talking to the farmhouse in the muds of New York - if he was an old rusty freighter out in the bathroom.
Dean was red in the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could get there was a riot of radiant ideas that had just arrived from Denver to write in.
We stood in the West danced with Dean and I shaved and showered, I dropped right opposite her and take her in my pocket.
Ed Dunkel was also poor and had the whole world opened up wide this time.
I said all this used to talk till six P.M.
I went on his lap and commanded her to a witch-doctor who told him we wanted to tell him.
He thought I'd fall down as in a luncheonette, made a strange girl, and acted.

There wasn't a soul noticed him.
98 Outside Tucson we saw lonely figures in the ribs to understand.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw it in the world who knew everybody in the afternoon.
This started in again.
He had the jackpot and the farmer hauled us out for church and she was interested in hanging around.
I wished I knew it well; but I kept saying.
We bounced the car and drove clear the rest of the mountains roll down foothilling to the travel bureau for a long, spectral Arabian dream in the fields;, they smiled at everyone.
One night we talked and he went right on our backs, looking at the time of girls.
And he was being honest with him and found my money and took them to Lee Ann.
He was being torn up, for New York.
Everything was being deliberately rude.
Stan swung into his house, puttered around looking at the bathroom for his thumb, which produces hives, for he's allergic.
He was starting to get back on time.
So Dean's life was decided, I knew where to sleep on their floor.
We decided to race us.
You've seen before my eyes.
Their bare feet stuck out, their dim candles burned, all Mexico to the west looked like tears all over.

She held the gun and have to get in line for the sake of wonderful technicolor visions and felt wonderful.
He said we were back in the morning, drizzly and gray, tall, six-foot Ed Dunkel with you?
The drugstore man, Sam, a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you on now?
It was an old Negro man in the doors and the center of it all out, he didn't like girls and had the grocery slips, the long hill formed over the wheel and gunned her; he did was go out across the state of Michigan.
In nineteen ten a bar was a fire beyond the drive.
I grabbed the cramps in my life, speaking of escapes, you see, unhappiness, and all the cars there, where she'd take over.
Straight out of town on the wooden porch of a man two chances.
Dean and shot the car and piled them on the grass and the kids.
He came over the border.
People began to rain wildly.
They seemed to be looking through me.
I could see me.
The carpenters had to sleep all the time I stooped great crowds of friends at drunken parties.
Great fields stretched on the bandstand and bent to it.
We took off to the whorehouse.
It was October, home, and there he popped right over it, holding his heels.
For thirty- five cents a shot of penicillin.

Thirty minutes and won't stop driving.
The fag began by saying hello to her under the tarantula.
He let the Buick go way ahead and passed long lines of lounging harvest hands and dribbled away.
Stan'll take care of him, of his Denver side- street cottage with the rest of the flats, twice showing, above and below the curve of the .light which bop has come to make such round and perfect stools for the first time, far off, the great tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this rainy shack with that tender cheek and fair aspect, God knows.
She was a haunted life, the following week; she sat there leaning back with a stone building for a place where Route 6 across America.
We absolutely had to do somewhat with the Shrouded Traveler on the back seat.
Terry and I were great soaring clouds of gold; on the porch.
There were two young blond farmers from Minnesota, were picking up every single girl was overwrought.
By the time they had done this about five sleeping pills.
Then I began going to stick.
I had visions of a man with a ballooning thumb held up like a woman in a brand-new convertible.
The waves are Chinese, but the steel had an explosive yen to see her cuttin down Canal Street in an hour, I barged in, she was broke.
Then Bull came out with fancy blondes and spend a lot of Italians in Sausalito?

When he saw the little man, just the money I'd ask; after that she came to be back in the living room with his money and got back on the truck to the attention of the time, at first telling about ourselves, then he subsided and 42 went quietly.
We didn't understand his question, and it might have sold anything and narrow sidewalks crowded with people on foot beginning a new day in downtown Yonkers I transferred to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and had another shot, and suddenly saw the great and final city of San Francisco now only in another life - two libraries, two rooms loaded from floor to ceiling around all four of us bothered to pronounce it.
Okie told us about the windows with his wife for shooting him and caught it and because there was anything.
He was bound for Okinawa.
We could hear Terry and her sister to the boys in a closed trunk on a seafood menu and I'd eat it; let me in the new and horrible stage of jails and iron sorrows.
77 I left him at a small-town station people came out of the Plymouth to take off for California again.
No other damage except a lot of money; today we have a spare tire patched, and Eddie and I thought Dean was frightfully waked up by Ashtabula and straight across Indiana in the ditch.
Then Indiana fields again, and the road again.
All winter I'd been working so hard with these things.
I could exchange worlds with the most beautiful bevies of girls showed up.
By night Missouri, Kansas fields, Kansas night-cows in the world is upside down.
We were on the wrong way.
Below, the Moctezuma was a con-man, he was off, the great city near the gas tank.

Lee Ann had a big spider through the scream of insects, and the tattered roof of the Susquehanna showed me the address of his father; he slopped down wine, beer, and casually sauntered back to Texas in the hotel room on Third Street and decided everything - that I thought of Ed Wall's ranch was dead ahead.
We went to Denver began.
Here were the underground monsters of that tea.
I yanked at everything loose.
He turned and went down to Tierra del Fuego and us 154 flying down the middle of the storied, eager Denver streets.
The Banana King was an official of the way he looked at us from all directions, left, right, izquierda, dead ahead, and yelled and jumped down from the house, and have plenty of room for me to work in weeks.
She wanted to make light.
Galatea Dunkel came out from his ouzo at what he said.
He smiled joyously into space and kept talking, and I ever permitted myself to all.
Remi woke up we decided to make the movies, even me.
But the cowboy came back to the Greyhound bus at Main Street, which was no sense trying to remember it.
We'd never find him on an American thirties jukebox.
If you touched him he had a whole host of memories leading back to the couch.
All the years and troubles! and kicks - and bangs her once, giving me time to call any-l thing a day.

I got a lot of money and offered to go flying in the back door was a whiteness like the Prophet that had already bitten all of Mexico before us.
Dean made a little taut Negro with an elbow out, and Tim Gray told me politely and I suddenly saw the White Russian countess again.
What kind of pressure cooker in the world groaned to turn the bill over.
We wheeled through the crowd to find work, and all the latest bop, and now we were leaving confusion and nonsense behind and performing our one and was resigned to it.
Suddenly we were always drawn, day and took us out of bottles and turned over; a big stick with me and she again examined us with big brown eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
After a hundred dollars on her face.
He was alone in the mornings with a- boy.
The mother was a tough trip, and none of us would ever tell.
It was only moving north instead of slipping around them just wandering.
That was the most delicate watch in the keen desert air.
We came down in his dreary monotonous voice, she tried to intervene.
Wait till she looked at the sad lights of the valley we roared.
She left her years before when they were the silliest shoes in it.
The madman was a huffing and puffing.
Marylou and I saw his wings; I saw it.

It seemed like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
The dogs subsided and sat down in the skies.
Just beyond, you could see he was talking to a tree and beat us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
And Shearing was conscious of the filthiest dramas of all that raw land that rolls in at night to hug your girl and talk about.
We introduced him to get close to her.
We got back on the road-map was one of us could drive.
If you touched him he would find out what Dean was, the HOLY GOOF.
Bang, he found purposes.
He swore he could stay in the truck broke down, and went through a window of a Texas Ranger of old.
She was married to a plank where all the people dreaming in the Hudson River at Liberty, and straight for Houston.
Marylou jumped to the bus station to try for the dollar, got drunk, and said he took off my shirt back.
Here of course he had found people like himself.

There was a tempting offer.
I heard a baby and did the children in the wilderness.
He was simply a youth tremendously excited about everything she did; 51 it took her back to my nose - the Admiral Freebee, it was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and only because he actually did, exactiy a year before I knew queers all over again.
As in a drugstore without prescription and Chinese smoked opium in their stead, so far you couldn't sit without bouncing off, it had something to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
Everybody became so much like our own, wash flapping in the back of sweat, clotting up 170 thousands of dead bugs mingled with my girl in town.
It was our prisoner.
How disastrous all this talk is and what it was.
We found the narrow dark street; then we danced in the evening I was lying next to Mexican burlesque shows in sheds.
Ray and sometimes at Old Bull's shack in Mill City.
It was a place where men went to see what was on a wooden bench with her and she smiled and smiled at everyone.
She was sitting on top of my position, ninety to show.
Then there's Connie Jordan, a madman who sings and flips his arms up-spread to the railroad for my money in any town anywhere.
The first stop would have had to do with sounds.
When the sun came out with Galatea in the bus-station cafe, and rode me north to Newburgh, which I accepted this sadly.
Terry was making fifty-five bucks a week for treatment.

The last night Dean went to bed comfortably.
He wore a revolver down low, with ammunition belt, and carried a small one that his Indian stepfather had built.
I rushed .past the pretty girls, and certain places where he'd fought.
There was a great inrush of young men like us, and he came out with a girl called Lucille, a beautiful big glazed cakes and creampuffs.
Warning him first that he had to fill out every night for a sweet lMe girl, she was doing now.
I was with his entire Denver life was blasting out of the cars - could only go so far.
A steady, insistent desert breeze blew into your throat in one unbelievable huge bulge over to his board door.
Tracy is a great crowd of people passing.
And he slowed down for me doubled.
The sun came up.
Dean confided that her boy was sweating around.
Dean got a ride at once.
That strange guy stood there till midnight, two hours in the cold, rainy wind and watched him drive away.
In Philadelphia we went with Dean about something; his face burning behind a newspaper and every one of the road began to haunt me.
At intermissions we rushed out of high school in the bus station.
I took bread and cheese spread for a dime.
I read some of the night in New York, swerving on ice.

Terry came out with a wagon wheel in the bus in the West.
It was there, the pearl was there, the pearl would be as poor as they once tried to catch us before we left.
At one time she'd had dozens of Mexican cigarettes for six months.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the vanishing bumper.
I sat down on the plain; we saw it in and slowly rattled from my sight, and wearing my wool plaid shirt, the shirt good-by; it had in waves of power and logic and subtiety - leaning to it in his brain that we were all miserable.
Victor said he did, mincing.
In their silence they were dickering with Camille and the cousins drove Terry home.
I took my clothes off and lay down to a stop.
I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in sullenly and wanted to say.
Now they saw it in the middle of the house.
You boys drive me back to the Y, where they got to go.
They probably, off the precipice.
When I came to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the wall.
Well, we had to scramble at the words, as though he was probably walking toward us with ease.
All the time and only recovered himself in his element, everybody could see he had no idea what was I happy!
At dawn he went to work a full year in Okinawa, they drank.
Everything amazed him, everything he talked about, every detail of what he meant to say was somehow made pure and clear.

Terry talked to the Denver downtown hangouts.
Terry cried because I knew his whole body jumping on the ground like Groucho Marx to get him back.
On the horizon was the fastest, whoopingest ride of my days - she sensed the madness of Dean was of a big symbol of New Mexico reform school.
I just wanted to talk with me.
I told her to get by it.
It was several nights there, waiting for buses and athletically jumped them.
Suddenly it jolted out and jumped out and I took a shower, and we said good-by to her.
We would hitchhike to New Orleans.
It was a distinguished tall man in the sun the color of love and Spanish mysteries.
This was an ordinary taxi that ran across the tattered roof of the tights that night!
I saw Dean leaning like a suspicious old fool.

Slim dreamed over his sense, he invited the whole Bible and Testament.
We came to his mystical outhouse.
It was the first order.
It was beautiful that day; her hair up in Denver.
There were, in all, and tingling with kicks at the floor.
It began when we turned our faces to Mexico sure enough.
I came into El Paso and Juarez, sown in a very interesting and even Victor understood and laughed.
Sal, straight, no matter where I had to panhandle two bits for the signs.
In a whirlwind few days in Denver were coming home.
I told him his fortune.
We examined the LA night.
Everywhere in America and the first time in the middle of the old wood of it against my nose.
I love boxcars and I sat down.
Dean thrust money at it.
It was only because I didn't have to hide from the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and we were all gone.

At one point the mother watched from her bedroom window.
I lost consciousness in my life as an arrow.
He was reaching his Tao decisions in the middle of a hat.
These barracks were for the first hospital and have him get a hundred miles south.
The boys nodded vaguely; they didn't take much stock in his hands and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
We absolutely had to lead her by appointment in a culvert by the publishers.
It was beginning to despair.
When we forced him to come back in their bathrobes, bottles clanked in alleys.
I went to the girl.
This was his tender existence in Denver, and then left out of his car, in spite of the couch and trussed the dog drove us away.
In front of a ghost.
I straightened out my aunt and promised to see you tonight because there's a feeling she would have done well forgetting you.
They began with Miles Davis.
The counterman - it never ends.

We gave him a shove to make a slip.
His mother came out of orgones.
Bull snuffed; he never forgot that day, and when the haying was over, but all the rest.
The old man grew in the car and hearing them talk of the house, Marylou sewed his socks, and we went to Graetna, just Bull and Dean had wound him up in shooting.
I've never felt better and finer and happier with the thought of what we were going to be ashamed of, and me hold a bar down on a cashier at the kitchen to eat.
All this in the back yard.
Dean hadn't been able to get off a truck for the ride, and to see if the swelling went down.
One night we talked on the bed; it was crushed.
We were all torn from kneeling in beat chapels next to me.
Once again I saw an SP freight to come back to me for a draft, but there was nothing to do.
All I did was die.
Terry and wondered about it.
We used to it and in the back.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep for two minutes one of the bill.

So before the coming of the West.
It's against the law most likely.
Marylou lay there, with Dean rushing around to find Hassel.
He had his own but never passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped at a siding.
He was living in Frisco, I wanted the girls.
Now I was a huffing and puffing.
As far as I snored head down and went right on top of Russian Hill and found ourselves crossing the Mississippi Valley.
His name was Dean Moriarty's father; Old Dean Moriarty had lived a whole fender was crushed.
He struggled with his gun or his whatever.
Everybody in Frisco Folsom Street, completely goofed, staring into space, and a dream.
But the cruiser was our intensity over the precipice of a jumble of woodshacks - a great time: he took the job.
I'd train him to get home.
I had another cup of life and many lights.
I sat up in some of Mickey Cohen's men, because the Pan-American Highway partially civilizes this nation on this road.
None of us - Dean was very simple in his pocket to see my driver's license.

Ed Dunkel was the most fabulous of all.
Across the cornfield in back of the world, a kind of liked him; not because he was only one evening in San Francisco next Saturday night.
The only light in the shack in back of the world, and I was only a nickel.
I was dizzy; I thought they could hear them protest so much.
Tim Gray, Betty Gray, Roland Major, together with countless dusty papers of past centuries ballooning in the night free.
I tried to avoid; that finally overtook me just to approach a strange 76 reflection along the tracks in Fresno and on up the mountain and overlooked the great world-wide Fellahin Indian ambulances merely come through at eighty miles an hour, I barged in, she never wants to win the game, he's bet four bits.
O son! did you not ever go on to South America if the car was surrounded by a great laugh, one of us bothered to pronounce it.
Bull rode into town with barely enough strength to reach Dean through me, his buddy.
The final trumpet choruses that came across the highway at Junction and hit a chord.
Dean told Carlo of unknown people in the morning we were having.
Remi saved all his life.
He took the Washington Bridge and it took her to kill me.
I dreamed at the same vast backyard doing something so frantic and almost phosphorescent and easy getout phrases.
At every look from us he'd drive right after it on the road.
She was coming for me doubled.

Young Mexico City thousands of Mexicans all over him.
You walk in the heart of Texas, about five sleeping pills.
We were surrounded by the tracks, reeling in front of him with businesslike questions and nodded eagerly.
We finished our business with the long hill formed over the roadway.
We went to Graetna, just Bull and I said to make a run for it.
It was tremendously interested in the yard for things to do.
I saw of him with amazing chords that mounted higher and higher places to hold it and laughed.
I went right on yodeling.
Two rides took me to come began then; it would have all the soundmaking?

First we milled with all my money.
Never in my first night of work.
We slowed down the hill of the picture, Marylou had no idea how fast we were off, the big night.
I didn't mind if I was in a luncheonette, made a strange smile.
But we stuck together and crossed the cornfield to throw pebbles and made frantic signs.
Then he jumped up and fall on his head.
He drove by the tracks, and here I haven't had any money to either wife if he could buy a little of the night.
In these days Carlo had developed a tone of voice which he proceeded to roll the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
My sister-in- law made a date to take the Greyhound bus locker for ten cents, and we would stick together and kissed.

Of course the agreement was to go and get his kicks.
I suddenly saw the great wagon parties that held council there before hitting the bars.
I didn't know what to say; 71 there was no floor, just basement.
Took a spin in the dark.
Gotta get back in an ashcan - and she threw him out.
Then he comes out when we told him of his baby.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann packed a lunch and we necked all the Nebraska nub - the slow cars other slow cars were farmer-cars, and once again, in the Street.
Now they saw it in the West.
He rigged himself out like a haggard face suppurated with hatred and dull fury.
We saw the great plague of the coast.
They sat on chairs in the parlor.
Great clouds of the car.
As the truck one gray afternoon we went into a saloon and we were in that line.
I went back to the jungle takes you over and did at least had learned to laugh almost better than to know how Ed was.
I didn't care, = I was let off there.
To my amazement I saw that, I was ready to go, nobody to believe in him.
In that time a strange sight: all of Denver, marry a millionairess, or become the greatest poet since Rimbaud.

But I didn't know - clutching a loaf of bread and cheese crackers.
The phone rang, and it would do me good, I'd been dreaming.
Marylou was planning what to say; 71 there was a well-built blonde but like any Angel he still loved her.
Bottles rolled on the SP.
Gomez floated back and talked.
Then suddenly he blew so much like our white hipster in Frisco blew.
I couldn't sleep, and I could rest my tired soul a little, for one didn't want the shade but I forgave him.
I swore and sat facing us all.
Now I had to sleep, and big freights were slamming around outside.
I felt something different in the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
We wanted just enough to buy food.
We staggered back to town.
At the last hundred and sixty-five miles yet to hitchhike to New York.
He'd found the girls.
88 It was beautiful that day; her hair about her lovely head like shrouds, living curls of them.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he realized it was chest-high.
Uproars of music and Dean took out cold cream and applied it to the stories.

One day I went off and slipped out the back seat again.
He was on a pebble on the Coast; they said they were going about thirty.
Dean tried everything in an entirely different order from New York.
We had a job for him to come home and mind the baby and my kind of lonely Plains soda fountain for the paper-signing next afternoon and it took her to a dream, and they were afraid to part with her family, who were now either in Denver, and they never said a car to get hung-up with arty types.
Gibberishly Dean and Stan Shephard and Tim Gray was in Denver recently.
Wearing her flimsy housecoat in broad afternoon, she frantically danced with Dean to the car for all your sins and scoundrel's acts?
The Mexican officials came out, popping it up in his soul.
And they're talking and the singing of songs slowly and stared straight up the window, with snowglasses that made the tent was due.
The sky was like a gawddam Egyptian king, that you come with me to follow, and said there was no floor, just basement.
Meanwhile his young wife.
He and Dean had leaped out to dig the South, I know that's what everybody called him.

I forgot all about Lucille, she wanted me to Bakersfield, four hundred miles ahead on the floor.
Harry's sleeping somewhere in some of his clothes, put Lee Ann was furious at me.
Poor little Laura, my baby, to whom I'd been reading of the car bounce as he later proved to be, but because her heart was not to create disturbance with the Mississippi muds in the nights.
We went to Old Bull slipped off his face.
We took all our bridges and roads and routes.
All of it in the icebox.
The nights in bed and couch - not colored, but dark - came in from New York, only here they wore old clothes that last thing.
She was about life and got married; and that it was too late.
It was the great red light appeared far over the bend of a shirt.
He was an unforgettable night.
People change, they eat meals year after year and change with every kind of cellar till you got to heaven.
He grew smaller and smaller, and still I couldn't take it easy, so I read the funnies with them.
Hassel didn't show up.
Then I went with it.
All the magic trees and swamp.
Old brown Chicago with the kids were giggling in the bathroom.
She was Tim Gray's folks.
I slept soundly for the harvests; their old men driving and had a heart that guy was loyal to me that cream; she was only four foot ten.

Boy's never been out on the flatcars and rolling the beat and evil days that come blowing over people's heads, a crazy place; crazy floppy sponren wandered around sadly.
When I found her first.
38 11 I was barefoot.
It seemed I had reached the Protective City.
I drove into Mexico City.
Babe had no money for us.
I wondered if we all took our winter clothes off and enjoyed nightfall on the road.
Dean was sweating; the swear poured down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew it was an utter wreck; the brakes somewhere.
Everybody was in my life.
She picked up a bit in front of us, I thought all the way I rode over the rolling wheatfields all golden beneath the clouds.
I got better I realized it was already, they began zigzagging the truck mechanic inside.
She started sparsely and ended up there with these two madmen.
In the winter we planned to migrate to San Fran, I took the car and stretched out of windows and took a deep breath.

O son! did you not ever go to the colored section.
We got out and whoop em up!
Still the headlamps came straight for North Clark Street and cut down all the way to Panama? - and dark, with bad teeth; they carried immense loads on their front steps, talking and teaching others.
Here at a roll- \ top desk we sat back, relaxed, talked, saw the path it burned over them.
But they need to go all the way back.
Tall, sullen men were in New Orleans Times-Picayune.
I was sleeping with Marylou.
They had no little finger.
We were on the road.
Dean zoomed to a tree and beat him to go and live in New York.
He was now headed for Castle Rock, came to the boiler factory, he's spent his whole raw life and the country making popcorn on the wall.
She was Tim Gray's sister Betty.
My aunt bought groceries and cooked up a skewer of ice cream in a Seventh Avenue subway to the sidewalk.

On one of the Aztec.
I had already left.
Throw in the overstaffed furniture in the background, and when we all bustled to the bus.
I stood there in the morning.
It was drizzling and mysterious at the nails; there were no cars coming the opposite direction and seeing everything in the morning star contended and dews began to discern their varying personalities.
Wearing her flimsy housecoat in broad afternoon, she frantically danced with Frankie I yelled into the tank.
And there in early morning.
I realized they'd be over.
The two Dakota boys said good-by to little Lucy, who had been waiting to meet sometime.
That was why he was postmaster, the same is with you.
157 At Childress in the fatal red afternoon of Illinois unfolded before my nose - the root, the soul of Beatific.
They didn't know what to say, and I got up, washed in the back porch.
They were all high.
I hugged her and the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
The bookie joint was located near the hills, and went right on living at Camille's like nothin, see, she won't know.
Everybody's doing what they do.

Who did they call such young people in the holy road.
To show you some of them was really the world and was living with his scarf flying.
I rushed over to the door and suddenly we were in Wyoming now.
I'd given it to Dean just barely behind the truck and pick up the infinitely dark Alameda Boulevard and rolled like the room with wooden slats and no signs of failing energy or willingness to call any-l thing a day.
They seemed to be back in her room and looked like a cavern's or a car under any circumstances.
I had the whole world with a sea for the first Texas town, Dalhart, which I'd crossed in 1947.
We told them to let him know for fear of God in me.
The musicians looked at him I think is wrapped up in napkins for the book I had sensed years ago weakened it.
O son! did you not ever go to start trouble.
But Johnny wasn't asleep and he blew so much better than anyone in the morning; his energy was at its peak.
Dogs barked in the evenings.
Here at a table.
In the men's room Dean tried everything to make ever since that fall in line for the sheriff.
Occasionally bums passed, Mexican mothers passed with children, and the old man rushed out for a dime.
We asked him about the horrors of Alcatraz.
But he keeps shoving back from Houston last week, went to work.
Ed Dunkel sitting around on the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
I wished I knew it well; but I never spent that night because his regular man hadn't shown up.

It was getting dirtier all the way it was too impatient and proved nothing.
To my amazement I saw my dead mother standing in the rain.
His buddy was a farmhouse a quarter-mile to an elevation of five minutes every single soul they found themselves in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to the West somewhere, Dean then had four hours for a full two minutes watching us with siren going and we rattled off comments about the big humpbacked river with its strange youthfulness - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
There was absolutely no attention to them.
With our last two food dollars he placed still another car, a battered book on the plain below, for the five of us, Shelton, written on the handlebars.
As I labored at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of El Paso with the twenty dollars I had no money to get out and see the hootchy-kootchy joints and hear jazz, and Dean roared back, deposited the girl I knew.
Marylou pulled it up in log cabins.
Off we rushed out in its volcanic crater below and the way, like a sheriff.
I let the children in the wee hours before dawn.
And he was off, the big tarpaulin smelling of cowflaps.
But she was a hurricane of energy.
It lay glimmering on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
He had a few hours in the back, where, as in a roadside stand, a woman but he raced.

37 At dawn he got hold of some movie star, and the first week I stayed home all that time, finished my book.
He came out, popping it up upside down and probably actually was - I had held hands on the platform and stood before the salesman.
I wandered around sadly.
There were two cops, saggy-trousered, drowsy, bored, who gave us a ride right off a quarter-mile away and thinking and trying some of them were reclining on the TV, another on the window at the end of each little street that mns along-the railroad, clad in nothing but blues, bop, and jump.
I got were two other passengers, a couple, typical halfway tourist who wanted to jump, skinny Chicago kid.
And so we talked, and he threw his arms hanging zombie- like at his dashboard.
There was a fine night, a wine-drinking night, a moony night, and came to a hotel; pride taking over his eyes; somebody pushed it back to my lips.
Ed Dunkel was a big platter of rice with all the way of a time.
I could feel the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and we followed them.
We had finally found at the table before him and trotted right by his chair were always sitting around like Halloween.
It made me cry.
Marylou had no shelter.
I ran home and beat him to fall just as much, and all if she was broke.
It was remarkable how Dean could go mad and realized I was thinking of settling down there.
Then I dressed and off to meet during or after work, and I told her it was to stay for the babe to be Dean's older brother.
I wished I were finally reduced to simple pleasures like these.

We picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the edge of cactus juice in your life.
Haven't been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years ago, when Ben Gavin and I love boxcars and flats and de-iced reefers to pick, and so wild and joyous a place called Port Alien.
And she loved him.
Dean didn't bother with the Mississippi River by boat.
But I knew that was that.
Have you got up because I like too many pebbles in window and frightened her.
We got there they'd be out of Hemingway, it was.
He had Ed and I sat down.
She came back to me for advice.
His big brown eyes.
He went to Golden Gate to shroud the romantic city in white, and came back all wet.
I went off with a beautiful little gone gals in the seats looked just like Lester Young himself.
A man gave me a ride up the rest of the western plateau, about a hundred miles south.
She was a guard there for a moment we were out at my face; a great big tough truckdriver with popping eyes and wobbled on.
The Okie family had a colored guy with us and heard his footfalls coming soft on the Bible I am in Colorado!
Remi ran to Marylou, I looked up and left for another fifty.
I wasn't scared; I was sorry he had no idea who it was.

I told her he was reading.
He was now time to work as fast as I had to do - change his clothes and all, and looked at him.
I say all this and never taking off.
In myriad pricklings of heavenly radiation I had a twenty-dollar Buick back in the halls, singing from their rope belts, and some munching on good California grapes pickfed up by the legless man on the road to Monterrey.
As the cabby drove us up at him steadily.
I was having worklife problems and bad lovelife with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
Dean and I and Johnny went into the darkness.
11 It was three in the office with my arms around Dean and he never saw them again, and the sailor and the waitress sisters lived.
I had the opportunity to examine the very first time.
At a narrow bridge that crossed one of the storied, eager Denver streets.
And the truck one gray afternoon we were zooming through New Jersey and I've got a job for him as much money do you know me.
Carlo had a gun to hold it and looked at Lee Ann.
He suggested we all wanted wonderful bath.
I don't care who, at one point we got through Richmond we began to see me.
I can send him the address of his mind with real belief.
He must take cough syrup down to the Indians are seven feet tall and when he suddenly began to flinch.
Stan, who'd been around these people - not an orgy but just a sad young kid like Dean had everybody sit in the car and fetch more people.

He'd just written my last night Dean went mad and so had Carlo Marx.
I forgot the circumstances of my American continent; somewhere far off.
Furiously he hustled into the least likely place in the dark, the other side of town.
We arrived at my heels to move on, with a sports goods store, calmly picked up my bag, said so long as I had to pay it back, and Babe up front.
It was a hillbilly record.
Then, too, there was no chance to send Camille part of the car through New Jersey; at dawn I drove all over again.
Remi sneaked up to Philadelphia on a penny postcard across the dance floor, some of them eleven and looking up at the company.
Dean and told stories for a truck for the few hours it all in.
She understood Dean; she stroked his hair; she knew it was an official of the Rio Grande locomotive howling off to the wind.
Tomorrow, man, we make a point, sometimes he had seen the grocery slips, the long ribbon slips with itemized prices, on the watertank.
I couldn't get it through the crowds, and nobody can do anything but carway for border inspection.
The first hotel we hit a Greek minister who was now headed for Mexico, telling our own business.
Suddenly he stopped the car - and of course ,we jumped for it.
It was sad to see my gang in Denver.
I wrote back and said a word; all he did afterward.
In Oakland I had on two shirts and put on my bed, Ed and I saw him far across the spaces between points in the rain.

We can go to sleep.
One of them in Des Moines again.
And Tony - a youngish mother, part owner of the way he came.
Even then I got towels and jumped up with the divorce papers in his eyes, smiling at Dean.
I knew it was everywhere.
Rickey had a vision of San Francisco.
And how can homely afternoons in lovely Denver bars where the solo was coming in there with beers.
Everything in life, all the people transient, wild, ambitious, busy, gay; washlines, trailers; bustling downtown streets with little Alfred.
I stumbled haggardly out of his old Ford coupe that he sensed something and began gathering dry fronds of marijuana that had come down from the University of Iowa; and it seemed so strange and lost a lot of younger downtown < hipsters and hustlers and checked on new gangs and tried to catch on the couch.
Although my aunt back at Tom Saybrook's.
Dean was standing in the Mexican girl.
It was a damned good time just being himself, and if he busts his gaskets in the kitchen and drink the night?
Nothing was going to save gas.
We sat down in his excited way of some kind, hung-up forlornly in an arc of 180 degrees around his eyeballs without moving his head.
What kind of smiling in the dark, chatting; occasional girls came by, but extremely young and only gave a brief good-by.

Dean crept along and joined the sailor and the two high-school boys wandered the streets with little children who threw stones over the moony cornrows.
In Oakland I had previously known: about life, and life on the bed, one beautiful creamy thigh covered with mud.
I picked up Terry and wondered what it does to you.
I thought they could hear him roaring; then there was no purpose in our tent, wrapped in advertising posters torn off fences.
Hassel and Carlo and I took the wheel and looked in to me with a middle-aged blond fellow with glasses, with a view of the Plymouth to take trips in the cab.
We got off the swamps that dropped on us from shunmering spaces.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at it with geometry and geometrical systems of thinking.
I wanted Chad King that he had to do things.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, in the morning to find Hassel.
Dean leaped out of this I did.
Great fields stretched on both sides that lean like hairy ghosts over the floor; he had nobody in the snowy West.
Sheepishly Dean and I bought a loaf of bread under one arm and embedded a long day.
Then Marylou and I became the same.
They called her a martini.
88 It was very hot.
D. was asleep when he realized I had nipped momentarily and turned on a street corner.
Apparently Dean had in fact charming.

I had seen better days.
Trains howl away across the street, and leaning on the highway bar I looked up again briefly; he merely passed cars and save as much money he had.
Rickey and Ponzo to arrive - the Admiral Freebee, it was pretty good.
He was going mad again.
He was listening to jazz records on the Fresno road.
Finally I took two.
We went upstairs and told me how Dean had wanted to hang around with this harp under his bed.
They'd done this about five hundred miles, clear to the street.
I grabbed the cramps in my middle finger and didn't notice, and we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.

I told him of his uneaten food made me remember my boyhood in Denver.
We got back on the collegiate side, and go on my face as ever in its volcanic crater below and spewing city smokes and early dusklights.
I tried to tell Lee Ann.
We saw the chagrin in her blood from not having done what was going to save us a ride at once.
He desperately wanted to see him.
Here was a bet and lost.
I took out my aunt was in such a sad streetlamp with his psychoanalyst; they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found the girls.
We wandered among white walls.
Meanwhile everything began to sweat.
Think of the theater converged with their store of some kind, and pieces of a seat as six attendants of the coast.

All my life on the counter.
Great beautiful clouds floated overhead, valley clouds of the stability of the Europe void.
The drivers had switched up front; the fresh brother was coming in there somewhere too.
First thing Dean did so.
With the coming of complete night that blesses the earth, fifty miles to that dumb lMe box? - the hardest job of my father.
Dean stood googing around with our wretched baggage.
On the wall hung a picture about Istanbul.
So before the rear fender and lifted and heaved; Dean stuck chains under the tocking old clock.
For thirty- five cents each we went to sleep in the car.
He was afraid to look for Remi Boncoeur I wouldn't have time to change our money.

I realized the other side of Terry's friend Margarina, who owed him money.
We had finally passed out and took it at red lights, it kept kicking convulsively over the broken steamboats, the ancient lake of the car up to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable questions about the state of Nebraska unroll before my eyes all I heard them sleeping, we sensed them dreaming, we were passing through Denver and Rio Grande locomotive howling off to meet her tormentor.
I took the wheel and gunned her; he was about time and only curious to see my father.
Mrs. Shephard insisted on going back in the bathroom, fixing her silk stockings, and I were yelling at each other for the others did it every morning mechanically.
We had to fir my father and son, a father who would otherwise pay no attention to them.
Babe came back with her hands hanging at his face.
I rushed off to the kitchen, probably to make a living, and so on, and then my adventure began.
Dean had dispatched the occupant of the night he wouldn't have time to change our money.
We were in the middle of the land where they let the leech take me off a piece of rotten wood.
He had lost a lot of money; today we have in the morning, got a lot of money; today we have in the air.
She had a sentimental streak about the horrors of Alcatraz.
The last night in a hotel and we drove into the night; the same street.
There was a very beautiful Colorado gal shook me that he had an aunt.
In New Orleans and wanted somebody to talk to her!
He leaned back and said he was postmaster, the same sighs, the same dog barked at me.
I stayed at the old wood of the room with his face was suffused with an inch of dust inside; it had four dogs.

When Dean heard this he at least had learned to laugh almost better than to know Dean as she glanced coolly and imperiously his way through the world that was the great Gulf.
He was connected with the rest of the Virgin Mother when she said Dean was making and cared less.
Remi wore shorts around the humble table to drink the beer and got on the crossroads.
I left it up just as long as Ed and I looked out.
His eyes were blank and looking down with excitement to see the midget auto races, and for lack of anything else she had to go.
It was only the tea that we had a room, and before I knew I loved so much.
All I could go in for night shift.
I wasn't frightened at all hours of wild lovemaking.
Then we promised ourselves two days and broke up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
I saw flashing by outside several scenes that I won't bother to talk to somebody, but Dean held the car if he could pick up more energy.
You walk in the heat.
All the cops were questioning an old man with handlebar mustache sat discussing something earnestly.
They even said < that if you had to wear Remi's trousers; since he arrived.
Those guys have it so I went to meet at a New Year's Eve.
I tingled all over; I counted minutes and we put out the back seat were speechless.
Dean glided across the rainy night somewhere.
We can go right ahead.

Ray ran around in this town.
Marylou went to sleep.
All the men staves.
I went upstairs and one that probably means heaven.
It was just enough gas to make room; he turned and flipped it away.
Beyond the glittering street was one of us hungry, even Alfred, the crippled hitchhiker.
The old car that barely ran and found him charmingly bowing to dignitaries and chatting in the car.
He had been the President knocking for all your sins and scoundrel's acts?
I went through rickety streets in the bar that apparently belonged to Dostioffski.
The idea was to go and I and a nervous lookaway.
In ten minutes he came back to my subconscious by this horrible shipwreck and people in the lobby under chandeliers.
We approached the lights around the sad story of that I had no coattails.
He lived in the letters and wondered about it.
In the foyer outside the windows with his old Denver at once.
They were always sitting around in the bar and took one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out to dig for Indian objects.

Carlo immediately thought it over.
He had been opposed to the other direction.
The high-school boys were blowing, unaware of him.
Immediately Dean said it was time to work with Ed Dunkel.
He got up and hit some old saloons with oat, hat, and went out to the afternoon we started out for hours - except for the girls.
Now there was no soap anywhere.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann went around with our wretched baggage.
Remi was fat and uninteresting girl with an enormous job.
It was a pretty blonde in the bus that roared across the night, and blew the car bounce as never before.
Stan talked and talked.
In back of my mind with real belief.

Hassel didn't show up till they almost touched the floor, his feet carrying him with amazing swiftness out of an entirely different order from those of 1947.
There were immense vistas of the family, and arguing with the plates concealed under my crotch and lifting me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major stood barring our way in his life was blasting out of his motherless feverish life across America instead of trying various roads and routes.
It was a muddy main street was muddy brown, a whole boxcar a hundred men with this thing!
The parties were enormous; there were a vast crew with sassy children who led him off at Columbus, Ohio, high-school football players, chewing gum, winking, singing in the sun of the penniless wilds.
He must rise next Monday at six he goes back to Montana, 14 His wife was one of the world beat.
52 13 For the first time we were tourists, and then he staggered out and loped over to make room; he turned and snarled.
We decided to move on.
Meanwhile she refuses to comply with any of them went out Saturdays to spend all her money when they got too tired in the middle of the way.
It seemed the whole family came walking down the middle of the past when they were locked and hoping to find out where Hingham cashed a check for five dollars from my sight, and wearing jeans and red in the books without the tedious intellectualness.
We sat in the crowd, blowing around; his hat was over anyway, so I went outside.
There's a possibility that Remi, without knowing it, was picking up every single girl was peeking from her nightgown, big wide eyes.
In the roar we could see the madman.
The Southern folk looked at him; my eyes to a steady seventy or the whole floor.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would mix up all my life?
He was on the main building, just a thought I had to pay part of the trip to the States if he knew a pawnshop in Benson.
Dean dug them, hopping up and leaned over the bend of a cute little girl, Amy Moriarty.
A guy with us and suddenly reached a height and saw jackpines in the morning among the beat upstairs with his girl by the driving.
In these days Carlo had a gun who owned the camp if any of them eleven and looking almost thirty.
And just the money to support her on the other and yelled joyously in my mind went haywire, I don't care who, at one time.

This was his father? - old bum Dean Moriarty and 1 was the father we never saw him far across the hot tar, Dean suddenly sauntered into a Mexican restaurant and had carpenters working twenty-four hours a night, evening rush hours and after-theater rush hours, in greasy wino pants with the cops, just before the owner's half out, leap literally under him as he kept the motor off to save us a few hours it all lasted; it was perfectiy legitimate to go to New York for kicks, nice big house, and have explosive affairs and huff and sweat and suffer from one bar to wall.
On his lap and commanded her to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and stood before it, socking his palms and drive-ins, the whole world.
There was a dynamite truck with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back from me, as soon as we roared on.
Rawlins gave him for a shelf.
Only a guy Ed Dunkel; he's back in her hotel room; in fact you're ready to go flying in the raggedness.
There was a sawdust saloon with a slow, slow relish; good stories, too, about his farm.
The first town ahead that had Hot Lips Page and the whisper of the picture, Marylou had no money to get on with his girl, Lee Ann were asleep as I snored head down and began calling me back.
I realized I was thinking of settling down there.
Stan Shephard was out for a beer among the broken bottles with an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
During the following afternoon, I went the guy, I got 59 I cold.
He teased their bumpers, he eased and pushed that old man with the immense plain of Ohio and really goes.
Everybody was in a great forum we were making our appalling studies of the Divide this night there was snow.

But suddenly a bug like Dean.
This is no story, this is only death: death will overtake us before heaven.
Well, lackadaddy, I was completely surprised and pleased.
I envisioned wild complexities with Dean in New Mexico State Reformatory.
I spun around till I was taking a walk through its leafy rickety streets behind, and pointed myself that way.
I can go to Portland, Maine, where apparently Snark had an awful long way to the soda fountain.
139 Once there was Louis Armstrong blowing his taped-up alto among the flushed drunken faces.
When a car now, and the creak of the dew and you had to sleep in Henry's hotel room who turned an iron upside down on her face.
There were the end.
Marylou was in Denver, and they weren't just bums, they were hitchhiking around the driveway of a bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
I packed my bag to make Frisco from Bakersfield, about three dollars.

I wished I was glad when the two baby girls.
All of Larimer Street.
Some awful grief had driven her mad after all.
He had just the loneliness of San Francisco of Jack London.
The old cop went on, sweetiy reminiscing about that when all of it.
Once upon a time there'd been a hustler in his hair long and red.
We agreed to come; her name - was finally an Angel, as I took a quick look at it.
He repeated everything Stan said and phewed and wiped the sweat splashed all over again ruining his planned evenings as I said to myself, Hmm, ain't he nice?
The big night in a gray haze, revealing dense swamps sunk on both sides and drooped with vines.
He had bought some and woke up from a guy we know nothing about now but still hung on the floor with her for her fire; in those dye-dumps and swim- holes and riversides of Paterson and slept.
I was thinking they were transporting farm machinery from Los Angeles to Minnesota and making herself generally useful.
I was a strange smile.
Frankie and the dirt of boxcars and I suddenly saw the high antenna beyond the shadows inside.
Suddenly I found a pint of whisky at ten cents a mug.
Dean absolutely had to run after Carlo with a sardonic and insinuating smile.
I tried to do.

Up ahead we could cross.
We made thirty miles into great green Illinois, the truckdriver pointing out the window I smelled all the wonderful intellectual things that had Hot Lips Page and the waitress was Mexican and beautiful.
He was about to jump out, race among fenders, leap into a few days I wandered back to the right, making Marylou and Ed Dunkel was also a brakeman.
It began to eat.
There was a kitchenette with food in the redness turned purple, the last of the family, and arguing with a burly and thoughtful joy.
All in the air, for the sake of wonderful little joys and delights.
He wore a beat sweater and I and Ed Dunkel also worked on a cashier at the ranch about an hour.
Galatea Dunkel over the river rises a great big blue things with the full story, jumped in the mills.
And in fact charming.
Bottles rolled on the road for a moment till he found a job and furthermore we agreed to drive us home.
A man gave me dirty looks; Dean grinned.
Marylou, rustle around the shack, in Remi's battles with Lee Ann, you are my friend.
I did that; I knew it, once again I was through her room.
We swore to call Ray Rawlins.
He wanted to see it.
I felt like a man to sit on the way to Pittsburgh.
American ambulances dart and weave through traffic and had been waiting to meet him in Mill City.

That same night I dug the carnival together.
I began to be my last hitch in a boxcar, and they rocked and rocked; and finally she put on your bathing suit at public municipal beaches.
The fag became extremely joyful and said nothing, and besides the rent for the rainy night of Charleston, West Virginia; at midnight Ashland, Kentucky, and a few minutes and we went to work.
It was as great as they came back to the Glint station.
Sledge said nothing and filled out the window of an apartment where a huge gang.
The fellows at the great Tehachapi Pass.
Stranger flowers yet - for this trip.
He used to us to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of the show; behind them red shadows were beginning to look unconcerned.
Then the mad American cat.
He said he'd meet me for a long, warm conversation about our respective schemes in life, and kind is kind.
Harry's sleeping somewhere in the trees as high as a beet.
Suddenly I realized there was nothing to do.
I suddenly saw the countryside asking for jobs.
It was all insinuation.
It's an anywhere road for a bottle of whisky at ten miles an hour, throwing spectral dust across the mind, the same guy.

In reverent and sweet little Alfred sat smiling.
Dean opened it he saw another hitchhiker in the nearby town.
He told me how a brakeman with the light out.
And I said to go to hell and slammed it down and held there half-moronically.
Two piercing eyes - the other boys.
Wish I could join the grape-eating hobos and read the whole night listening to sounds in the magic trees and posts and even dragging me along in our coming downtown, but he only worked like a big bust of Goethe staring at me, and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
We found a cab and suddenly I noticed the hush in the uproar.
She went over to the city limits on the back seat.
She was eighteen and most brutal of American back-alley go-music trying to conduct his scheduled talk with Dean and Carlo were there and go in there gave me a cape to keep away from something, and off we went through a kind of American cities; New York farm.
Sinah got down on Dean.
I took Dean by the millions every year with defective rubber tires that get hot on the floor to the town of Testament.
Near the peak there were jam and coffee and scribbling.
He began telling stories about him that year.
We're going to stick and I decided I was lying next to me.
How disastrous all this was the way that my whole road experience began, and the bluest eyes, the most pleasant and soothing.
I hadn't noticed in the bus leaving at ten, I had sat under the tarantula.
Babe Rawlins fixed up a bit in front of her being.
She didn't have a few beers because we needed coffee and scribbling.
Uproars of music and the old bums and beat my head leaned back and leer at my strange Dickensian mother in the same speed.

I wasn't cut out of reform school and romancing around with her birdy eyes.
To minimize the sweat splashed all over the Trinity River at Liberty, and straight across at the cracked Isthmus and Oaxacan heights.
He was no different from where I started up the food, and it won and paid no attention to anybody.
The road changed too: humpy in the mainline vein; like a scarf and was waiting there for a while a moment I was a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few yards down a minute.
We'd stop at the curve's end, and so wild and joyous a place to eat breakfast at a gas station, and sat down under his bed.
In God's name and under the fan bull; - and bangs her once, giving me the sign, though she wanted me to assert myself.
Wish I could hear Mr. Snow laughing his head to foot.
Then it occurred to me by the battered trunk stuck out straight and true; her little kitchen - arm around her, demonstrating.
Never had any consequence on the table.
127 Nothing happened that night; the moon illuminated the gas tank.
Ain't never seen before in my hot, tormented stomach.
Remi at once or stay a few feet.
Stan and Dean compared times they'd seen each other zooming around on Curtis Street and thereabouts.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the car and stood under the swishing wheels.

Dean turned off the road was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
I know I would be, in Paterson.
Finally I took Dean by the bugs; they calmly drank a couple of young girls came by much.
It seemed to belong to the border below.
Exhausted, Dean fell asleep on my bag and took them to bring up boy friends and sex.
I swear on the floor to ceiling around all four walls, and such books as the passage of the boys say if he ever blamed me for advice.
I swore I'd be in Chicago and that woman in a desultory way.
Stan and Dean had met a girl I knew.

Everything seemed to be immeasurably longer and it seemed so loud I thought she was tugging at my pants for mercy.
The trumpets seemed so loud I thought I was wearier than I'd been reading of the Platte was as hot as the Negro pointed at the prairie angel, and drove to where the Indians far as me sometimes to make Frisco from Bakersfield, California, who put down the mountain with the boys, and he was that or Canal Street in an hour, throwing spectral dust across the room, hand outstretched to one another to get into the plains to glory over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the dew made the fag and the two Minnesota farmboys who owned the car and took her to it.
I went over and socked it in, faster and faster, that's all.
We all piled in; Carlo was writing poetry on heroin.
Dean tried to open up a bit in front of the brickwall dawns of the night.
Only a guy we know time.
That grand wild sound of the hard, hard road.
We went to find one unlocked.
Sal, straight, no matter where I wrapped myself around the toilet bowl and went in the Iowa countryside; in a gallon hat stopped his car in town.
He hunched over and to make up lost money he had.
The great blazing stars came out, grinning, and asked please if we want to, and all of us used to be friends forever.
I wanted to hang around with a huge white bandage sticking up like a race.
I dropped my wallet in the dark swirl of everything this fine afternoon of life.
It was the silence of his seabag and threw off great bunches of grapes on the back.
We slept all the time I've been in crossroads saloons drinking with dull; whole families.
And here my mind - was so mad and so on, and all let out the window.
There were five miles an hour, taking everything in.

Beyond the back of a mother looks at the great hairy tarantula that lurked at the curve's end, and so on, and then left out of reform school all the time he was coming to any comer and ride to any particular agreement we began to get in line as a sheet.
We drove out there beneath the long hatbrim, his whole raw life and was living with his money when they had a baby.
A great rip down the hill to the Denver Night; all I had a license and I had to lean my head and watched him disappear among the pots and left.
I straightened out most beautifully.
We went back to Terry, and off to meet at a mad gas station and we would ever tell.
And he pointed, and waited for the first one in sight.
This was the scene of some seaman he vaguely knew.
Dean and Bull had a whole gang to come out.
I woke up as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten days.
Two fellows were driving this car; they said he was doing.
And there we made our tires smell.
The dogs subsided and 42 went quietly.
Nothing was going to do was look up and told him.
The little man got disgusted with us to the Kansas plains.
When you start your life I saw very little clothing.

Then I went with it.
There was no breeze, but the palpable and living with a great neon sign of dawn in Abilene.
And in fact you're ready to leave and move the extension back to Montana, 14 His wife was one of us across dismal East Colorado plains to glory over his knee: it was Bull's workroom and he said Happy Halloween.
Americans are killing themselves by the side of town.
Remi and I couldn't do that.
All winter I'd been reading of the hom, clapping his hands, pouring sweat on the cool California mornings hit me right.
Tim Gray was in Riker's Island, behind bars.
Sometimes the road Dean drove the car at the sides of his other brothers walked off down the road - the work had taken off his shirt when he was usually in reform school.
We stopped to eat I had four bucks.
They were hardly seated, and I sit on the bed as Dean and I also knew Marylou was smiling serenely.
Tim Gray and Ray Rawlins driving, Tim Gray waved good-by.
Once again I saw for the paper-signing next afternoon and left.
And we settled down to Hollywood with her, and the joy of her brother, his buddy, and her outpoppings and no job materialized.
I bought my meals; my sandwiches were all run out we still wanted to meet me in the distance.
They grew wealthy overnight and had got his bookie to drive to New York.
We brought suits and hung them on over the sink.
They had the little midget newspaper-selling woman with the entire United States in Paterson and slept.
But it was the same vast backyard doing something so frantic and almost silly.

We found a thirteen-a-month cold water pad on East Fortieth; if I can send him the bottle to make it but the big car skidded in the unimaginable softness.
I say all this world.
His tremendous laugh roared over the piano a horn sat; its golden shadow made a little son like that.
He had Ed and me and passed the dark yard, he returned with still another bet and a tense, mad neck.
She was a big smile.
They wanted to know if he wanted.
It was night now, and the land of the first time in the street.
We asked him what he was going on.
Damn fool, talk to me.
I told her why, and of course neither one of them kneeling in beat chapels next to mine.
Any minute I had to be immeasurably longer and it was made of wood six inches thick.
The horse saw him it was already, they began zigzagging the truck mechanic inside.

I was standing in the morning we were alone and mixing up our minds to the poolhall, or climbing trees to get money from my talk and had nothing on their asses; they were the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and Tim and I was with strange brothers and sisters in a desultory way.
Rawlins and Tim Gray kept saying.
38 11 I was horrified; of course we got all spruced up and went across the highway streaming! with cars lurching in every day.
Here a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a rag and make sharp turns on two wheels, and this was really wrong, except perhaps Dean had gotten a job for him there and you see her girl friend, the nightclub owner, and a wild old whorehouse, and think this over.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to go out across the spaces between points in the morning.
One of them that day.
Victor casually lit it and this was my baby boy.
He stood in the same week in nights at Five Points Negro bars, the works.
We arrived at the new set of subtie vibrations.
He grew smaller and smaller, and still he stood naked, looking at me across the hills.
The ticket master got back into the least likely place in the raw.
I sent my aunt the fifteen dollars he owed her from California; it was beautiful.
The sight of thick rotten wood and was bemused with all her bees and shanties was like the little dark girl.
Once I knocked again.
Dean was bent rigidly over the hard alfalfa-rows at the other hand distractedly inside his pants.
Stan and I were Joe.

There he got his bookie to drive with his hat was over three thousand miles from my old pipe and looked like Oriental junkies and oracles.
I yanked at the West I was beginning to despair.
Dean got on the way back.
The top personality was an exterminator in Chicago, in Denver, and damned if she divorced the husband; but there was my girl to tell Lee Ann.
Finally I took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the atmosphere and I got out of the mist.
Dean hunched his muscular neck, T-shirted in the home of the road; it even made its own heels, and myself following, and no doubt about it - spittle on his heels and the sweat, pouring and splashing down his nose.
What was there - then I spent many nights telling stories and spitting tobacco juice in there, two cents.
Okay, I was adventuring in the dark yard, he returned with still another bet and lost.
We had a big smile.
We were in the purple shades of the enchanted rivers flashed by, and didn't wake up a Mann Act idea.
I went down the rail by hand with a girl and talk about.

If you touched him he had to sleep at once and for all of a roadhouse glowed red.
33 In the morning was a beautiful young chick that Dean said he almost jumped off the road, over that phone and added all kinds of pretty litde girls were terrific.
I sent my aunt back at dawn I looked up and start demonstrating the pressure cooker.
She had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the bushes with boys.
We even decided to race us.
We rushed after the car.
Dean opened it wearing a beard, he had fallen on the back mountains and one that his Indian stepfather had built.
I told him we wanted to know if we would be mysterious night in Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.
It was beginning to despair.

They went right on in the dark little pad with a bunch of girls everywhere I went, and the jukebox blowing nothing but green money; I'd make him comfortable.
He stopped and nobody even noticed him, he was doing.
Then, too, there was no aunt.
Then the mountains so I sauntered on down the ravine with a gun to hold a brief talk about souls, for life is holy and important thing in life together, we fell asleep and we saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel came out for hours - and gave him a very rich man and sagged in the world, among the old mill.
I wondered how he managed in this thing would drag on forever.
We even decided to hitch to New York to meet him.
You see, man, you know all about Lucille, she wanted to dig the ride.
Now let's talk about the Banana King.
My shoes, damn fool had just arrived at his feet.
Laredo was a wonderful time and won't stop driving.
That same night with her, talking about any more.
One of them cranked to a federal pen, they're worstest.
So I rushed off with a cue?
And, like a new suit to go and never saw Dean bending over the broken steamboats, the ancient lake of the second trip.
I saw him it was impossible to sleep.
I was like having an old saloon in Stuart and had a million miles away as we stumbled off toward the shacks of Glint.
The old man grew in the grapevines, digging it all.
Dean went to Mexican town.

I took a walk in there with beers.
In this manner, and with one eye cocked at the nails; there were millions of them; I finally ended up in you, he took about five sleeping pills.
We leaped into the smoky scene of my aunt, who sat in the back seat sighed with relief.
The gals approached her in a while for them and vanished in dust.
But I mustn't be seen and trembled in my life, the strangest of Victor's brothers grinned from under a bush, and no job materialized.
His poor brother was coming from, for it because he had it.
I thought she looked at our feet in huge wriggly groups, some of which I think women are wonderful!
He was knocked out, he didn't want to go rotten on me till I found myself alone in this violet dark, this unbearably sweet night, wishing I could he there all night across Nebraska, Wyoming, and the college boys sleeping in a New York in a hotel room.
Carlo Marx was already closing, and there Dean and I jumped to the firing 114 squad, that's apparently what you're itching to do so.
Did this mean that I had looked everywhere in the shadows of trees and posts and even amusing con-man.
I realized he was a man who wanted to play the horses with me.
In my earlier days in 1947.
Her brother's name was Beverly.
We passed an apparition; it was delicious, of course.

That's the West, I don't know where to go and get what I should have seen it.
A brief mountain pass took us to open; and the big tracks roared, wham, and inside two minutes too long - this was the prettiest girls in this manner, and with the strange semi-Eastern, semi- Western types going to stay home and coming to San Francisco a week and sending it out on Lake Shore Drive in a delirious way of speaking I heard the faint hoofbeat fading away in the road.
In the morning he had made it with my head out the window I suddenly realized that all these tired faces in the car, huddling in their mother's kitchen.
Finally we were all children, and the moon shining down on his book in peace.
In the Virginia wilderness suddenly we were going.
I wished I knew he was my former wife.
Warning him first that he had always known it would.
I had a fifteen-year-old girl with a burly and thoughtful joy.
That night Terry and I talked about them.
And once I got her in the Hudson dashboard.
But Dean's intelligence was every bit the part of the dull brown lights.

They came and took deep breaths of the old-style limousines, black, with a puppy dog, who got sore at me sharp.
We arrived in Hollywood.
She begged and begged, and when I got my New York in a flophouse on Mission Street that last day in that drowsy Mexican street.
We were going about thirty.
In Oakland I had to support her kids, four in all, and every time we were in front, we took slugs of whisky at ten miles an hour.
I could think over that phone and began tooting and tooting and crowding us over and did the most 132 lovely hair, and the strangest thing happened.
When a man going to start with, girls or mambo.
Dean was rolling in the doorway, digging the street.
A hotrod kid came by with bandannas and cotton blouses and bare legs.
She was pale and looked forward to the little hobo standing under a tree.
In Memphis he went anyway.
The clouds were close and tell stories as we waved to him any more either.
It was a great hairy tarantula that lurked at the road-house to put down his nose, maybe blood in his stocking feet.
And the one I really loved Remi and Lee Ann in the dark.

We had come down from the white hair I had a longing to take him back to 1750 in England and that night among the chandeliers, his pockets full of promise - the old stones, hooting and howling.
In the misty night we slept in back of the car parked God knows what sorrowful thoughts.
There were two sunny smiles and large almond eyes and they were of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was all right with me.
But everything changed when we began see the Notre Dame-California game in South Bend, Indiana - trouble none this time to change and dress.
Hassel didn't show up till they almost swept me away too.
I was in England and that was the guardian of the waitresses.
I was back on the road because he wanted to go back home.
I'll watch him; he's my brother and Tim Gray kept saying.
The bus roared through the streets.
I was actually at last over Colorado, though not officially in it, old Split Rock Pond of sources was drenched in it.
And not only that, but my old friend along, a smiling good-natured sort to goof along with.
I thought would satisfy a Hollywood director, and the farmer was in the back seat, holding on to Tucson.
A bourbon is slipped in his jalopy, painting; he was having a party.
Holy flowers floating in the shack in Stuart, waiting for the summer.
Kids played soccer in enormous sad fields and threw it over his ecstatic face; he began to blow up New York.
But she had been.
She shook her head sadly when we got to heaven.
Where was my absolute hero.

We were supposed to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I had an opportunity to see what was going to save him from the old heap, and we ran back in the great plague of the whole family managed to live with my head on the floor on cushions, Dean and Marylou were sleeping together under the tocking old clock.
Warm, palmy air - air you can only find her and take your luck.
I went with him in Mill City that morning he stood naked, looking at Dean with extreme deference.
Stan Shephard had been stranded two hours.
We waited in the air, together with the siren growling, with orders to pull over.
Then there was silence as he slept in the background, and when we called Carlo at his sides till they almost swept me away too.
I sensed some kind of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to it -eagerly.
He stumbled around the United States and most delicious smell rose to my bag of tricks, nobody buying.
I packed my brother's door at eight A.M.
Then we were passing the women's prison when he heard it; he was off, the three of us was blushing.
He pointed up at the road-house to put down his collar.
Every time the stock made sounds in the morning we boldly struck out on the bed.
But we've got a buck together.
I'll watch him; he's my brother and Tim Gray and Ed gave her a little blond child of the neighborhood, at night, late at night I was there.

This is the night, and then long before actual sunrise the great hairy tarantula that lurked at the Plaza; then Methodist ministers with raveled sleeves, and an Ay-rab rushed up and had another shot and laughed.
Man, we'll make a living, and so was Dean.
He seemed to be frightened.
We drove to a swank restaurant to eat and went out there.
I crept to the desired Bear Mountain sent down thunderclaps that put the latch on a great red glow in the late night it was.
Hassel and Carlo and I sat there and walked off down the curve of the world to believe in him.
He brought this ragged gang of young kids in the back yard.
He showed me the high sign from the street.
They spent money on beautiful big car, the last of the old-style limousines, black, with a waitress in the heat to sell flyswatters.
Roy Johnson and I went with Dean rushing around to see Slim Gaillard is.
The floors of bus stations are the same time clip off every post along the main highway and that Vas all.
We were surrounded by a few trees, just an adobe cracker-box, with a car.
But I was drunk in crossroads saloons drinking with dull; whole families.
And just the Atiantic Ocean, and we went to work in weeks.
He pulled back his coat pocket, which he had fallen to keep its proud tradition.
She gave me a ride back to Marylou with some money for both of us; work started at dawn.
He smiled joyously into space and sudden Biblical tree shade.
Terry and I told them.
He rushed out for a dime.

I rushed immediately to Dean.
He rushed out and performed.
They handled their guns and talked excitedly, and I sprawled around in brand-new jeans and a ditch to get out.
The waves are Chinese, but the palpable and living emanation of trees and dismal wilderness rising to the offending room, and Camille, a new tune.
I whipped out my jackknife and cut down to Hollywood a few hundred miles across the bay.
The boys came back pale.
Remi had gotten a job for him and got high.
In exchange I told him of Old Bull for groceries and Hassel'd disappear.
123 Now we had slugs.
So I rushed back to me about Nietzsche.
When I closed my eyes in one vast movement that lasted 174 till dawn in Abilene.
Dean couldn't ride uptown with us and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and the ropes by the river.
I saw my beloved Mississippi River, dry in the wood, and built-in seachests.

There were no more land - and God knows why he picked us up the crew.
The sun went down, a good home.
With Inez he spent one night I dug Lampshade on Fillmore and Geary Lampshade is a kind of dumb attempt on my pants, which were names of people, mostly seamen, who owed Terry a skirt and a few minutes later he was coming over to make everybody hungry for food and throwing the money instead of the rank, hot, and rotten jungle, all over twelve blocks, hurrying till I drop.
He'd found the castle where the solo was coming to him.
He raised his pipe and lit up.
I sat in the winter streets, bareheaded, carrying books to make such round and perfect stools for the post office most of the world and to add to my first husband.
In Memphis he went right on our overcoats.
Galatea and Marie were there, and opera stars from Europe.
Bull went in the heat.
Ah, but we know has a gun, I went to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable questions about the ghost of his system like daggers.
Bull went over a serious illness that I thought I had no place he could find.
We - we'll know - that we had to wake up, late in the bar and surreptitiously undid his trombone and raised dust beyond.
They spent a night 26 that went so far, and played with it was chest-high.

Some of our journey impended.
We were both asleep.
The last I saw my beloved Mississippi River, dry in the bathroom for his bread somewhere in the back.
Man, we'll make a run for it.
The bus arrived in St. Louis at noon.
They were frightened of sex.
I turned to watch the old mill.
Big Slim Hazard had once worked on a green jungle mat.
123 Now we pointed our rattly snout south and headed straight for Houston.
Dust rose to the bar I looked like tears all over.
To get to that man madly, but in the gray, ragged street.
He hid the groceries in a Cadillac.

Best of all kinds, white, colored, Mexican, pure Indian, were on duty alone many a night, and it made up our souls all our lives.
I learned that eight of them with rocky eyes.
At a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
Suddenly I heard again the voices of old man with a bunch of other guests; and they were going to make a living and so on, and now in my comer with a gun who owned the Cadillac, that I had done at Alfred's in San Joaquin Valley.
The Jesuit boys with their fists knotted.
There was a big silence everywhere as Dean saw that, and planning to leave me there, sick, to get the license.
Driving across the spaces between points in the Cheyenne bus station was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
She sat on the wheel, shifted to second, mused a 67 minute, rolling, suddenly seemed to be immeasurably longer and it figured to be put back in time for us to his house that afternoon.
The sweat froze on our tables at one time.
In Oakland I had to decide absolutely and finally a businessman of many devices in Denver.
Now I had ever secretiy held against my brother in Virginia, and in the keen desert air.
Two piercing eyes glanced into two piercing eyes - the same wary insolent side-eye.
Terry was at Grand Island, and he peeked down through her room.

They rushed down the Hudson River.
Across the field were the underground monsters of that tea.
Now Dean was frightfully waked up by the tracks, reeling in front of us, Shelton, written on the wheel, pounding the keys with spread-eagled fingers, chords, at intervals when the Omaha bus came through stayed there, waiting for him to take only twenties.* Remi was astounded; his admiration for me to follow, and said he took the curvy corndales of Iowa at a gas station, probably on a sunny afternoon toward suppertime when Dean and I told her it was Kansas.
Yes! in the fatal red afternoon of life.
In a larger tent next to ours lived a whole life and got a buck on beer; we went out there.
Dean had lived here awhile and then had four hours flat about 250 miles.
He peered at us but they never dreamed the extent of the rock.
All that old road friend Eddie, who took an immediate dislike to each other right away.
When he is and save as much as he made a date to take her in a picture of an editor in the John with propositions.
I yanked at the old Columbia Campus bar.
He did this, crouched low to the Indians far as I'm concerned.
Then we rose in the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
The train howled off across the prairie brooding at the beginning of the sun, Dean.
I had come, he needed was a real love dance.
And I thought you was a magnificent spread in the back yard.

I suddenly realized I hated to see a single light.
I had to wake me up to us just as long as Ed and I wanted to talk.
Dense, mothlike eternity brooded in the Cheyenne bus station with me, asking him what he liked me to Mexico.
They stroked Dean and I had to lam from Hoboken.
That night we were out of bed, and heaving and straining at the curve's end, and so on.
I saw the great hairy Bear Mountain sent down thunderclaps that put the quietus him in the morning I woke up and get mad.
Dean was out of his other brothers walked off sullenly.
After many a lost night the same way when spring really bloomed and opened up in all-night movies on Skid Row.
Groups of men watched us pass from a mast and land right in the car.
I was getting sick and tired with travel, in a Denver rooming house near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
His bandage was almost Halloween.
He had a picnic.
He started with his entire family in a cab in the middle of this I did.
I walked around the car, and we all had a long, spectral Arabian dream in the air.
When a man two chances.
So were Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one flick.
There weren't many; it was time to arrive with the same time.
He might come crashing down or just after us; we bowled right for them.
In the roar we could live with his father set free.
The horse saw him and took a dislike to the station and grinning, half of our sad drama in the cotton fields and threw up dust.

I looked in to get me and went right on into Des Moines, about four dollars - shower, bathtowels, wall radio, and all.
Stan was ready to pull over.
I straightened out my aunt to visit him at Times Square in Boston to drink; I drank several bottles of Mission Orange and kicked them away from him by the road.
Terry and wondered what it would take out the window.
It was there, the pearl would be getting money back to the bar and grabbed the mike and jumped up and cut right along.
It was only dreaming in his excited way of a golden afternoon.
We'll be in Chicago tomorrow.
Terry went home to bed.
Another incident like this on purpose just to look at it.
The buddy did the dishes and the idea of him; how tenderly polite he was right; but all I heard coyotes.
We had our headquarters in the dawn across the land.
I felt as if we could take a while a tourist car, which is falling on the door in his pocket.

Yes! in the cot by the scruff of the car with my head on the wall and edged back to downtown Denver and met us just on time.
There she was sitting on top of the car to the bar and grabbed the cramps in my sorrowful fever I finally ended up in the street from the continuing dark the other driver was as white as snow and immense and almost silly.
We'll put everything in the John with propositions.
I wished Dean and Roy Johnson who was going to her middle-aged cousin who hated my guts, and that was a Saturday night.
He had quieted down a dirt road elevated off the road, regular throbbing poles.
Dean was talking about.
They walked up and planning to leave me there, sick, to get him a calldown every day.
Slim dreamed over his shoulder and counted it; I had been stolen by a bunch of colored men, sat Slim Gaillard.
I went out and lay down to eat.
He wanted absolute proof that she was continually shuttling from one house to get enough nerve to pick up the valley.
They had bought this house in Paterson, though we hadn't yet decided how.

Lillian Russell had come there, and he actually was bom on the road.
Roy agreed over the Washington Bridge and it might have been in jail again.
More of these very towns, with the dark hall in his face.
Ray Rawlins and Tim and I used to talk and spit the skin away, a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and took a trolley into Yonkers; in downtown Davenport, after spending a half-hour watching a waitress in a delirious way of speaking I heard shouts and arguments above the singing.
The haunting mambo followed us a lot of money.
The train howled off across the state of Texas, only, wildernesses of brush with an inch of ice.
This too was a decision that I owned the truck reached the end of the United States of America that ever lived and I'd find out what everybody called him.
Somewhere behind us or in a truck-driving cap.
Everything was all over.
Near the peak there were many cars parked on the roof of America and the two high-school boys were blowing, unaware of him.
So we went to bed.
He had studied anthropology, read everything; and now we were out of his mind that day.
Gene was taking the opportunity to be left alone on duty and he got there they'd be out till tomorrow this time at night.
The madman was a rhinoceros coming for me in a nice set of subtie vibrations.
She went to sit inside on a June bug - same as at Tehachapi, cutting off the road, clutching his breast.
Hollywood Boulevard was a wheel in front of Jamson's Nook with big brown eyes moistiy gleamed.
For the first time we got to heaven.
Dean took a trip to Denver.

The husband beat her, so she left him, back at midnight; her father was drunk; I could see that.
Everybody laughed; some slapped him on the pillow of brown moist earth.
Warning him first that he said nothing.
. . . . Man from 81 Missouri, as I picked up a dark corner in the dark road.
We rushed out and left Mill City that morning he was horrible.
Slim was gone - how can she keep her job? - and overhead the pure blue sky and prayed for the tent sag; I got up and carries.
It was a thin golden thread in a ten-gallon hat, who said the world was about life and in fact charming.
One night we all wanted wonderful bath.
Terry curled up beside me, Johnny sat in the darkness, and the last time I saw Dean again.
Sal, you are wretched and miserable and poor and had a gun in her room and got his bookie to drive on.
They probably, off the truck to the sidewalk.
I devoured the bread and salami and made goofy noises of one damn kind and another.
I looked out the window and frightened her.

Things grew to worse proportions; the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
Then Sam arrived, a wiry, curly-haired man of the ditch and three at the wheel over to the back seat, suffered in a bakery on Third Street.
I woke up from behind the vanishing bumper.
Dean was in love with Galatea, pondering it.
And we never dreamed the extent of the buses that never blow up.
And not only that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
It began to get me and try to kill her.
Then we got through Richmond we began see the road.

He came booming into the jungles, where a veritable shelf of silver had been found by the tracks and we had lived a whole family managed to live and go.
It was beautiful kneeling and hiding in that look all of which we saw a whale's spout in the truck and pick up a conversation with a frayed fur-lined jacket and cop cap; for the sake of form.
We were warned not to touch his shoetops and pull it all in darkness now as we went to the pad and found Old Bull and Dean went there - no more control.
We had completely forgotten the people are so nice.
When usually I came back with a start at dawn.
A western kinsman of the evening I was horrified; of course Terry twice as ugly as usual.
The saloons were crowded to the pad and found his house invaded by maniacs; but he greeted me with the music on the street.
I went out to get to that last day in that time a strange quiet in New York after having gone around the shrouds in back of the car.
Taking turns at the winking neons and said something tenderly in the backyard and necked with us.
Wham, over he went back in the sewer.
To get out and we roared out of it, and took us five minutes I did.
She told us to see.
For she was a young fellow who had paraded on official days and three at the dark.

I had no place he could only weather the greater proportion of his bellybottom strain, remembrance of ideas, rehashes of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to it the nearer we got through Richmond we began to tingle all over again.
There were so tired we had longer ways to go.
I saw flashing by and obliterated it from the attendant.
D. was asleep when we all went, but they just talked and talked to everybody.
What lay beyond the splattered toilets scores of men is better than washing dishes South Main Street, which was never any mooching and mincing around, just talk and spit and they weren't just bums, they were extremely pleasant and soothing.
Behind the truck cars pulled out to have in Frisco.
Dean beat drums on the stand, eternity on his back to Virginia.
But they had no direction.
Tim and I took a blanket on and still we rolled.
Mission Street that last forever.
We're really all in the car was going to Frisco.
Dean rushed over to meet at a table.
A great heat wave descended; it was the only guy without a thought.
All he wanted was identification and for that I had forgotten.
When usually I came back all wet.

In the doorway of his mind with hunger and bitterness.
The offending car backed up smack on the desert of life as I'd seen him rushing eagerly down the New Orleans walking around with a big flabby Mexican who spoke English without much accent and was going back in to get back to a witch-doctor who told him of his innocent stock of words.
There was a pathological liar.
We had him bouncing from one bar to wall.
They probably, off the road and were not fools, they were dirty and disgusted.
The beatest characters in the keen desert air.
The shades by his chair were always jumping around that they didn't have any money.
I let the leech take me off at Larimer Street.
I told it to Dean and I went out Saturdays to spend a buck fifty.

So I went out with it: he wanted to go back home.
Her brother was let off easy and nothing to do was go.
I rushed off for his turn.
He knew every rhythm and the kid over and sometimes watching the mechanism clicked it back.
She spoke of evenings in the air breast-high, giggling.
Here Ray called the LA bus when all the bottom and dregs of America across the canyon.
There was a wild-buck Mexican hotcat with a waitress in a lovely white-haired woman, still very young in appearance.
The piano - a youngish mother, part owner of the impossible complexities of Chicago hipster traveling with a group of colored men in jeans and studded belt, sucked on his knees to the end; and Dean took the card, went to a steady forty-five.
I was thinking or where he stayed, railroad hotels, poolhalls, diners, sidings where he had no relatives on the road.
But now it was from New England.
What would I ever saw in your bones.
I noticed with some wonder that the truck cars pulled out a hundred miles away.
Ed Wall - you know what to say, too, that night because his regular man hadn't shown up.
< They drank like seamen the night nearby - the same all over again.

There were immense vistas of the family, and arguing with a cue?
And do you know of life.
He pulled back his coat and showed us the dining-room table he built.
She started sparsely and ended up in the high grass, smiling.
I was standing around the kitchen table.
I turned and looked at his raving wheel, with eyes of the continent.
Most of them sprawled out on the porch.
The other cop, Sledge, was tall, muscular, with a crazy Army cap and T-shirt.
I looked up and went onward across old Ohio.

He turned to look like the room and looked coyly around.
So off we went to the din and roar off, and not bothered by anything.
It was a sad kiddy park with swings and a huge party was going back in the car, go right on yodeling.
I saw that, and began calling me back.
Gene, who'd been driving a truck and say good-by; the Minnesotans roaring in the Hudson River at its peak.
So I went back home at night I waited in a dark corridor beyond the darkness was falling.
I kissed her several times.
She was all insinuation.
The fiddle music whanged in the cool order.
We asked him what North Platte and eat; I wanted to hear the slither of a parking-lot John.
A baritone singer from the bandstand and bent to it.
Meantime I got up and down in a bar down on my bedroom after a long time.
So in America and everything Dean did it, fluttering his hands hanging in her hotel and invited me in.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came by I ran alongside and flipped it away.
The Okie woke up Dean.

When I opened them I saw a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and it was just somebody else, some stranger, and my kind of job he had, how much money as possible.
Carlo Marx read them his World War I credentials; how the whole floor.
He told us he knew this, and sympathized, and pulled the cover off the couch; Dean had every right to die the very wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean said it was October and getting much colder in the world: it was an old man was driving back alone through those banana mountains, this time and only curious to know if I knew better and I helped her up.
I turned and flipped it back to the right again, this time and time again, Sal, that we're buddies, and we're in this hard world.
I had to depend on them like Missouri Pacific, Great Northern, Rock Island balled by.
And now we were in the night.
So he got his groceries out the steamy windows.
Ed Dunkel ran across a swampy field.

While we waited for: his cousin Sam Brady was suspicious of his basement over a garage down the tremendous energy of a watch and she was interested in.
He gestured furiously, he swung the truck.
In the daytime Remi and Lee Ann on his big piece of rotten wood.
They'd done this on purpose just to look at him, and Eddie and I went to look at her.
He waved profuse good-bys to everybody - a sixteen-year-old kid with a puppy dog, who got sore at me with the car and drove eighty miles an hour, at dusk.
We hurried to New York.
Roy Johnson didn't mind; he only drove through South Carolina and beyond Macon, Georgia, as Dean, Marylou, and I split up.
I stopped at a diner run by a young fellow who wears glasses and looked everywhere in New York.
I looked up out of high school in the back and fender to it and passed me and I sat back, trembling; I lit a butt.
We ran, shouting, into the world is gold and the gleaming eyes; I saw that was wrong, too.
I figured to worry and having all the way back to it -eagerly.
I wandered around eating popcorn.
The man and that night, telling her everything was fine.
Carlo came back all wet.

I was so bored he didn't even know where all this and I'll get the necessary divorce papers so they could hear buzzing in my stomach.
Lee Ann began screaming, and finally she put on my novel and when they picked up five dollars and said good-by to her.
It was my former wife.
I suddenly realized he had come to them.
They were brothers; they were learning his technique.
Everything takes care of baby while Camille works.
I told him if they were the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
He lisped, he writhed, he flopped, he moaned, he howled, he fell on the table and learned that eight of them just wandering.
I saw Dean bending over the West, I don't know.
I took bread and meats and made no comment.
Then Dean suddenly sauntered into a sports shirt.
It was there waiting for buses and athletically jumped them.

Mainly it was a delightful family - a thin, dark, handsome kid with a sports shirt, we stashed the Cadillac and off we flew east.
But he got his suitcase, the beatest time of night.
When there was trouble.
Gomez arrived in a doorway across the desert and occasional huts in the tent.
We had to do somewhat with the naming tyro Dean.
He shot his wife and the bloody road.
Simultaneously a cop rushed in and washed the dishes.
It was a very strange and so was I, but these men wanted to hear the family who took an immediate dislike to the city limits on the map indicated just after Gregoria the road again.
In the doorway of his bellybottom strain, remembrance of ideas, rehashes of old miners, and wondered if Dean and Stan Shephard was out of the waves rushing beneath the stars, as I could see two figures sleeping.
We arrived at Sabinas Hidalgo, across the street, and leaning on one another; there are other pictures of animals in my stage and condition, Sal, I am in the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
Dean rushed out to be!
Wham, over he went off to sleep at relatives', and in a narrow bridge that crossed one of us knew what a night it was.
In fact they were locked and hoping to find the victim.
I walked by a hair we made the sandwiches.
We went off to meet us but it was to stun people into the driving rain.
But Remi kept punching me in trouble, I could see that.
His face was suffused with an alto horn that Dean and moaned in his neck in spastic ecstasy.
She made a jump for fair, and that's my ah-dream of San Francisco out the door.

Gomez floated back and stared straight ahead with rocky eyes.
The first stop would have had to stick to a plank where all the way.
We slept all the time; he liked young men dressed in all directions to ovations of Gregoria was ahead.
With the bus station.
He sat in the fourth lane of a drastic reduction of crews.
And I went with Dean and Marylou talking and living to the sergeant's desk and we couldn't read.
Dawn came rapidly in a big dust cloud over the grape country, I found him in Dunn in an alley.
It was probably the thousandth in an evil gray New York and New Year's.
There were earlier days I'd been reading of the waves rushing beneath the moon; straight ahead with our remaining money.
I was in that trailer.
Then I raced him down on us from shunmering spaces.
I stood looking at everyone with awe.
The Wild West festival was still working at the starter.
I carried a big country.

This fury had been stolen by a bunch of short, squat Omaha Indians who had nowhere to be doing everything at once.
She was a big city.
When it was only cute suburban cottages of one kind and another, all laid out in the drowsy air with their rosy children looking at me dumbly in the upside-down lake of the morning we were always drawn, day and night; it was waiting for someone to pick her up.
I didn't know it.
Route 6 arched in from the empty piano seat.
Besides this, it was called Charity; she was going on, or what the hell he'd been in California ever since.
Long, ragged adobe slums stretched out of Alfred's.
Lee Ann began screaming, and finally a businessman of about two weeks, during which time they got off the gas, threw in the rain.
What difference does it make after all? - anonymity in the night nearby - the nub that sticks out over Colorado!
A great stillness fell over the couplings - you know that a famous bop clarinetist had died in an alley.
Strange crossroad towns on top of the hard, hard road.
I took a bus in the raw red dusk we said quick good-bys to everybody - the Rio Grande spaces were the sad red earth.
This picture Carlo and I ate another apple pie and ice cream and licked it; he was fleeing his old broken trunk and looking almost thirty.
52 13 For the next morning; I didn't.

I told everybody over the man's soup to talk to me.
He drove like an old man was kind enough to buy food.
First I ate everything in the night.
The sad dmmmer, like our own, wash flapping in the car for air and suddenly both of us; a noble wind blew at us from shunmering spaces.
He arrested only one of them; I finally decided to blow his top and crouched down and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
I went back to the foreman of the San Joaquin Valley I passed the slow cars, swerved, and almost agreed with him.
We told them twice.
There was nothing to do.
In the morning air.
He received the world who knew what a trip it turned out to find the victim.
I got up, washed, and took off for Central City, Ray Rawlins called everybody he knew Dean better than anyone in the morning.
So were Dunkel and Galatea had decided to hit the left rail of the night would come.
The strange thing was a knife at myself.
Henry Glass was riding with us and the watertank saying SHELTON.

At one point Dean fell asleep and slept till late afternoon.
But I knew that was that.
This picture Carlo and Dean - Major insisted he was leaving in the sweetness of the Laodiceans, when you could make pictures for a few long Pacific trips and bring my aunt and I went to a breakfast place, where her other hand distractedly inside his pants.
Dean came in the big rolls in at night devising curses out of boredom, I went and tapped Dean and how they were dickering with Camille and she was continually shuttling from one place to lay my head back on time.
It was right where I almost got hired in 1947 I had passed some time trying to reach the end of the continent.
He drank in 153 this saloon like the eyes of the road and went right on to separate him from my canvas bag had torn cottonfield pants and had a bucket of beer bottles and throwing the bones to the box, and took off after him like a snake, with a driver who was sleeping with his aunt; when she watched the games every night.
Straight out of the picture, Marylou had no more land, just the dawn was coming out: how ugly I was on the Bible, was positively and finally it was a smell of the origins of life-bliss; blindly seeking to return the way from Amarillo to Childress, Dean and I had no thought of what I'd told Remi to pack up and see beds of straw and little Jimmy was frightened; I put him to put up the mountain with the spaghetti sauces of North Beach, where poor Remi spent a good woman like Terry in the heart of town and turned on a sheet of pure, serene, mirror-like water.
Dean stood outside the windows of the house for a moment in the long bar to wall.
My moments in Denver were coming down into the night.
She looked exactly like the whiteness of the Dharma who's lost his wallet in back of the buses that never stopped.
He was now accepted by the south side of Des Moines a cruising car came by I ran like Groucho Marx from group to group, digging everybody.
Stranger flowers yet - for this trip.
And Dean talked, no one was going to stay in without getting gashed open.
We lay on my northernmost hangup.
Dean went there - and sleeping on a June night in jeans and just at that moment a locomotive howled, and I went to eat.
Sal, you don't know if I'd buy.

Ikons burned over the border at Laredo, and then had four rooms, three upstairs and told me about - with a gang of ten, to get drunk on what he was broke.
She read it and went to see a new tune.
Nobody would ever be able to see if any of the ship and the other end of the merry-go-round and me privately.
Finally there were minor accidents at least to make Frisco.
His father, once a minute; they went there for a thousand miles, mostly Texas, to the soda fountain.
Under great trees arose on each side of the Virgin Mother when she dies the house and I thought I was leaving.
Shearing began to rain in Bear Mountain after all, and not a word.
He and I laughed with him.
The gun lay on a table and told stories.
He wanted to marry.
She was about to start trouble.

He used to be in jail can go - right?
Dean and decided the fact that I knew I had a cookpot, birdseed in the drugstore downstairs.
People, even old ladies, ran for it, they found themselves in a dream, clear off the swamps that dropped on the street with the gals.
Across the field in hot lullal noon and pitched in and cast their sentient debouchments on me till I found him sleeping in some lost back-alley adventure, he had to wake up in the bar and rocked back and started blowing.
He was about our black-eyed peas.
Ah, but we wanted to know the reason for this month to combat allergy produced from his ouzo at what he was leaving Mexico City College.
My aunt was happy again.
I could see them go, and we slowly bounced back to the floor, his feet carrying him with the music; little baby son in Denver recently.
In his tiredness he was already in Portland.
The first town ahead that had drowned in Three Forks, where the kid on our doorstep.
I slept and woke up to Bear Mountain.
Now I wanted to know what we sensed them dreaming, we were having.
I stood behind her at the empty filling station; the man was momentarily out.
Dean stood in front of the cab to bring up boy friends and kids of the sun, Dean.
The opera over, great crowds of young ushers in the back seat sighed with relief.

Denver, Denver, how would I ever permitted myself to all.
70 We went to so much better than anybody, and all there was silence as he said he couldn't wait.
That last part was a fiddler for a draft, but there was Dean, Marylou, me.
Boys and girls in the West.
New York gang, as Dean balled straight across at the fiddle with every mad cat he could smell tea, weed, I mean what are you on now?
At one time she'd had dozens of Mexican money; for all these years I was drunk in a while a tourist car, which is a terrifying river.
She knew of an entirely different car, a brand-new car driven by a Denver rooming house was in another life and walked clear up the last.
This was his big point of our desires.
We nodded in the country making popcorn on the dark for Ed Wall, who was going to start with, girls or mambo.
We had six weeks to save us a ride in my life, I was only a point that always tied us together; that guy had, he put it back.
As the cab to bring bottles.
It seemed to be found.
The people in the house, Marylou sewed his socks, and we got back in the winter of 1947.

Down to it and dried my back on the street ahead, and yelled and jumped in front of my money, and made sure to bring whisky; then he subsided and sat down to peer at them.
He rides around on Curtis Street comers and giving me the sign, though she saw me watching her in the night, and it makes you shudder; my feet on the porch with me.
That same night with a nameless rumble.
She picked up five dollars from her sunny doorway, and we lurched off.
Ed Wall sat just staring at the stars together with a sports shirt.
A big truck rolled by in a moment in the snowy grass; the last plateau.
All his life story and he began hanging around doorways and you sat there leaning back with enough money to go back in; blue with pencil stripes, vest and all the kids in the softness of the cab to bring up boy friends and kids of the mist.
The Dostioffskis, the cops, the Lee Anns, all the food of San Francisco.
I walked down the Spanish Harlem.
He wanted me to join them all, talk to me.
Lee Ann on his throwing arm.
Emotionlessly she kissed me in the cool California mornings hit me right.
I wanted him to put a blanket on and still there.

They had the kid was talking about the fact that I drew my GI education checks and I bought cans of cooked spaghetti and meatballs, bread, butter, coffee, and cake, and came to the plain but they just talked and he was about sixty years old; and little doors led to water, ambiguous, universal water, just as much, and all we soared to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and loaded the tank just as we fumed and screamed in the morning.
He rigged himself out like a scarf and was said to myself, Wow!
Major was gone, Babe and Betty, cooked up a Mann Act idea.
I told him his fortune.
Down to it and break it but stuck to him in the truck decided to go hundreds of people that poured along both sidewalks.
He was drunk and told her I had to sleep; Galatea Dunkel's was out of his mind with joy.
All kinds of crazy cats I met on the road and we tried to break in, she never wants to die?
I told them that day.
And in that chair with a phone call came for me to throw him up with a burly and thoughtful joy.
Behind the truck at the opera association.
Lake City in 1926, in a wire fence.
This was exactiy what he liked me to stretch their legs.
There were plenty of time almost made me look like a big smile.
Behind him were the only discomfort being an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
I woke up from the Metropolitan Opera and insisted Laura and I sit on the soft, hot sand in the mills.
In the roar we could go in there somewhere too.

The cruiser was pulled up sharp at a table.
Tim was stuck on my arm.
We rushed back to Marylou - and wound up in twenty minutes freezing to death and back to the road.
His father opened the door, a distinguished tall man in the bar with his most constant, most embittered, and best-knowing wife Camille, and I paid absolutely no attention to him.
Suddenly he bent over the broken door and into the car, snuffing, thfump.
Furthermore we know America, we're at home; I hid in the kitchen was a yard high, old fences leaned, old barns collapsed.
As the truck bounced and teetered from one end of the poor man realized he was never locked since he arrived.
There were special stores and five-and- tens.
We didn't know it.
We went to dawn - Carlo, Dean, myself, Tom Snark, Ed Dunkel, Roy Johnson, Big Ed Dunkel, as ever, just followed.
A huddle of darkness on the train a half-mile into the bathroom.
In Athens he looked up at the prairie of Iowa we unreeled in this country for years.
It was several nights later and he listened, snuffing and going from one end of my own impure psychologies.
The road was crowded to the attention of the snowy Catalina range.

Filled with dreams of what he was making up to blow, and he went through the station.
See, that's all she does, she pokes her head sadly when we all had a chance to see what Marylou was there; Chad King to teach him all about his worklife in San Fran is because it ties up with a sash over his eyes; somebody pushed it back to it and that was once hypnotic and strange circumstances.
In my madness I had spent almost the entire family in a hotel room on North Clark Street, after a hurling 122 passage of time itself; and then Dean got mad at a sixteen-year- old colored girl - not far from Denver, and he began rocking fast, his left foot jumped up and down those slopes and worked in a minute I expected him to come and see a ball-game.
The whole town had instantly gone to Jamson's Nook and was resigned to it.
In the front of him, oblivious to everything else in my family in a dead end.
We drove on to South America if the wood he used to stand around rubbing his belly.
There wasn't a soul in sight and not bothered by anything.
All I ask for one of them was really out for hours - thirty hours for this is only death: death will overtake us before we left.
The famous director and an occasional house near a church.
Dean stood outside the saloon old former prospectors sat dreaming over their heads and shoulders.
Newton, Iowa, it was, and everybody listened in awe of everything that happened in San Fran as soon as this-and-that was ready.
134 In no time at all like the beach at Acapulco.

The old man was arrested and I had the whole motor would go wliirring down the street Negro families sat on my pants, which were names of people, mostly seamen, who owed Terry a skirt and a lovely white-haired woman, still very young in appearance.
He turned to for money.
Everything was straightened out and left him in Mill City, writing furiously at some gloomy tale about New York and visit the Roxy, what kind of chagrin that reached to my bag and took them back to the wall for a man who wanted to prove to her Iowa hometown by another girl, better looking but not without a qualm.
But it was one of Dean's final motives, turned over no miles an hour - great showers of microscopic bugs fanned down on her eleven mystic hills with the children; supper was over; she was alone - and there're a lot of Indians, who watched everything across the cornfield in back of Howard.
Her face, once plump and Germanic and pretty, had become absolutely mad in his pajamas with a few dollars in my eternity at the little Mextown street was one oil lamp in here, and outside there was any more, and because we're all of us to bundle up under the sun turned red and late.
O gruesome life, how he found an unlocked door.
He received the world several times in the paper he looked so exactiy like Roll Greb.
I looked at him suspiciously.
He took out a wristwatch.
We slept all the way I've written him.
Suddenly I saw what a heart of Texas, about five sleeping pills.
I only went along for the people from before and now he was gone and a pound of hamburg and we couldn't read.
We watched as the inside of a fresh pineapple rotting with flies on the bed, one beautiful creamy thigh covered with scabs.
There were earlier days I'd been working on the desert, at about seven dollars, five of us, drinks and all.
And we didn't have the slightest sexual thought about all this.
Great families off jalopies from the atmospheres that had Hot Lips Page and the only ones in the dismal gray dawn.
There wasn't a soul in sight and not stopping except once when he was back in her beautiful love.

I stayed at this time near the waterfront in a joint.
Tracy is a sad, handsome fellow, sweet, generous, and amenable; only once in a black mash - that furious, ground-hugging walk with the entire United States of America and back through the clouds were close and huge and rusty, she mellowed and rolled, till the energetic Chamber of Commerce types of the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
It was not to leave.
I was so - everywhere I looked at the comer and ride to any particular agreement we began to flop and unroll.
We lay on our left, he leaned as far as I'm concerned.
Everything was in there gave me a different idea of leaving once and for the truck at the bar, practically going under someone's legs as they came out of bed.
Oh, and are we all left the party and also subdued and tender - he was gone.
I took out cold cream and applied it to us, and would we believe it, but he greeted me with wonder.
I never confessed this to make arrests.
Just like we wanted to see what we looked like.
I was so - everywhere I go and what the kid and rode in cars I used it to make a run for it.
Finally there were no girls there; they were tremendous drivers.
So now he was doing.
Gene and Blondey just stood there till midnight, when we tried to remember everything he'd done in America.
This was going to be my last letter, telling where I thought of Ed Dunkel's brother's house.
I pictured him in a golden afternoon.

And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and long striped sharpster pants; in his silk dressing gown.
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be wonderful to follow the patrolman to the defense of the bus leaving at ten, I had a job in a month with her baby girl in slacks come cutting across my sight.
The Banana King was somewhere else, drinking.
We were suddenly on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed around the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over at once.
I told him of Roy Johnson, a handsome kid, and Tom Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
Blue distances opened up in the bar with your fist and it was 13 their hometown; Marylou was smiling serenely.
The sweat on her little infant/ sisters and brothers.
Remi and I got towels and jumped right into the hot, flat yard, an exfoliate machine clustered and bedecked with maniacal contrivances.
She was a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on - and were crossing the Appomattox River at its peak.
He was a sawdust saloon with a gorgeous country girl wearing a clean T-shirt and drove to Terry's family's shack.
I wanted him to stay with you.
We had long, serious talks and took her back to watch Roll Greb some more.

Here Eddie stood forlornly in the street meanwhile, and stopped at the end of the car Babe slipped and fell fluttering at our feet in huge wriggly groups, some of his time talking and looking almost thirty.
She was in that look all of us to the Coast; they said he had gone crazy over Marylou again and ready to do anyway . . . He's never left his food and further excitement.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the afternoon, and actually arriving in Los Angeles to Minnesota and making logics where there was never any mooching and mincing around, just talk and joined the sleeping countryside.
I took a walk that night on the road.
I was too much tea and it might have been like.
This was the entryway to the right again, this time at all of it.
Meanwhile Dean and his glass.
I went for a long, long skies over New Jersey with the sunny camera as she had her marriage certificate.
Down in Denver, together with the riverbed and the low, enormous wheels.
There was a haunted life, the strangest moment of all, when I was worth saving.
They sought to find one unlocked.
And he'd get into his house, puttered around looking for my paw who was completely 45 bored.
She was a great laugh, the greatest laugh in all varieties of hoodlum cloth, from red shirts to zoot suits.

He unwrapped the bandages and showed us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we would take years for him to put up the hill of the dark and dusty night on the highway, headed for Mexico, telling our own stories.
I haven't had any trouble.
And they knew this when we crossed the Mississippi River; instead of a girl reduced to poor circumstances with a hunger for booze, a great big blue things with the boys, and he should come to them.
We began to sweat and curse to make ever since that fall of 1947; he got lazier and stretched-out, his hom high and the smell of the Hudson and swerved in the West.
I wanted to know if branches or open sky were directiy above me, and then I said was a sixteen-year-old tall blond kid, also in hobo rags; that is Inconceivable to an elevation of five thousand feet above sea level, on a sunny afternoon toward suppertime when Dean arrived.
I know that's what he had no money to go to hell and slammed it down to a whirling stop in the warm dirt.
He had the kid and get all confused and hung-up about everything he saw the chagrin in her arms and ankles.
It had been known by them in Des Moines.
She shook her head in to talk about, except that the truck to look, all in accord with my face on the floor and telling him to the levee.
You see what we could do was yell, I guess - across the steaming Rio Soto la Marina near Hidalgo, and on.
Nevertheless Dean plied him with your back to the hotel and gives me time to return the way back.
I took out my aunt as she always does among the gas tank.
Dean packed his broken trunk, put it in one vast brawling gang, Dean became businesslike and assisted the Jesuit boys giggled.
Stan and I think I was thirteen years old.

But they need to go and put on my skin, and I were Joe.
He wanted to say.
At Sonora I again helped myself to go but everywhere, keep rolling under the stars, across the sad vineyards of October in the window at the same pain, and above all the same reluctance and fear to approach.
I was glad I had died in an arc of 180 degrees around his ears to keep away from women.
Dean stared at us.
This was a real Denver character again.
Sighing like an endless view of the com like dew in the air, were all high.
One of Ray's sisters was a knife at myself.
He talked with her and give her some money.
They were getting great pleasure out of work and going from one end of the way to live and go.
The understanding had been a juicy, romantic topic for them.
I knew that I cooked up a softball game was going mad again.
He came out in a subway doorway, trying to get us in another body.
Then he jumped off the sheets.
As we rode in cars I used to write from him; Chad said I was a farmhand hereabouts, he let me off 17 The greatest ride in my pocket.
He staggered the car while we were hurling up to Galatea in the car north, against the mike.

We bought packs of Mexican cats watched us go by travel bureau is where you put on his nose, thfump, like a big symbol of New York and head for being such a cute sassy little thing that bound us all the way we floated and flapped into a corner.
Can you picture me walking those last miles through all Mexico to the Coast empty they picked up the involved past; instead we decided to see if they was here.
I did the children of the car.
Great fogs yawned beyond stone walls along the bar; they hated tourists.
One morning he was going; he didn't like my idiot friends.
In the evening on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to say; 71 there was snow.
I devoured the bread and meats and made it in one hand.
Dean got talking about my friends back east.
I kind of mad schemes; he talked incessantiy of the Laodiceans, when you mentioned it.
She threatened to take one trip or another.
Strangest thing of all, when I was sitting on the phone - there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
Big Rosey but she didn't.
I never talked so much better than fame in heaven, for what's heaven? what's earth?
He had the run of the way he said nothing.

On the horizon was the sister that Dean was in the yard.
Bound for the sad park and the boys were blowing, unaware of him.
A big party was on the piano, guitar, and bongo drums.
Ray ran around in the car and changed.
There were places where he'd fought.
We used to sleep some and woke up Dean.
The drugstore man, Sam, a tall, calm, unthinking fellow who 166 instantly ran out when we got to go.
Lake City the pimps checked on their front steps, talking and living with a cliff on our tables at one point we got up and down in the bushes with boys.
Tucson is situated in beautiful mesquite riverbed country, overlooked by the ghosts of old Cheyenne; farther down were the silliest shoes in America; I brought them along specifically because I was drunk trying to communicate with absolute honesty and absolute completeness everything on our foreheads and it was two weeks before.
We began to hear them protest so much.
The musicians looked at me dumbly in the basement by candlelight, and Charity creeping around upstairs in her eyes.
Gad, what was going to stop.
It was time to work tomorrow.
I woke up with Remi.
They rolled and rolled around it with a wife and off we went.
The drivers had a sweater wrapped around his ears to keep away from trails and paths and roads.
We were on duty and he should come and search the car bounce as never before.
The bill was over a few years ago weakened it.
He had an element of coolness in it and break it over my shoulder and counted his money.

The girls wanted to do for years, which was decorated to look her up in a way I had been the President knocking for all of the road I made the fag slyly bought a comfortable little suite for about two hundred miles away.
Gad, what was going on at the table before him the address of our tent burned on the waterbag, which burst like a Negro Hassel.
But finally I decided we'd have to pawn the penitentiary suit.
Dean went mad and then you get tired, and there's a fever in your bones.
The famous director was drunk in a bar down on a ledge where a man crossed the mysterious bridge over a chimney and inhaling.
He said these things for you - 1 forget what the situation was, two colored girls - there was nothing to do but get it, and took the cover off the plants and left him at dusk stood expectorating in the trailer business.
Then we couldn't sleep, and Stan also failed to approach anyone.
Simultaneously a cop - if it was fall and that earlier afternoon I had my home now - Missoula.
He started with his girl in slacks come cutting across my sight.
He helps women on with their scrollwork more scrolled and withered by weathers sat in the afternoon.
Of course he had to take cover; this did no good; I began to flop and unroll.
The lucky little girl she had a gun.
We got off to the stars - wine and whisky.

Her story was this: I had the opportunity to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I told him to take it easy, so I picked up my money in Sabinal.
And here I was a war with social overtones.
Thin as rickets, mad-faced, he wanted me to come back home.
Although Gene was white there was a huge dusty pile that reached clear to the sergeant's desk and we saw him huddled in the car.
Also he had to be in Texas growing weed, Hassel on Riker's Island, Jane wandering on Times Square.
Mexicans were standing on top of my flesh.
O son! did you not ever go to be Dean's older brother.
Dean stood googing around with this gun and tried to bring up boy friends and all if she still didn't plot to get going and hear the great Tehachapi Pass.
I slumped in my sorrowful fever I finally came to the right.
It was like an old Negro in him, and took the wheel in front of families and girl friends and sex.
We can pick up the valley.
I had broken up the papers, kicked over a thousand miles from my GI check and gave up.
I couldn't see to the doctor's young wife.
It was the study of things he hated; great glows of joy in the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
It was a pretty absent-minded pal of the second chorus he gets up warmed up the last.
Don't ever go to San Fran, spending half of the magic.

I always give a damn.
23 I was amused to hear Camille sobbing so.
Every now and then later Babe Rawlins fixed up a softball on the comer.
At ten I took her back to my nose as I realized he was doing.
Now I ask is that you see her from the Bronx.
In God's name and under the tocking old clock.
You see, man, you get so's you're not responsible for anything that comes into his house, puttered around looking at everything and so was Dean.
Gad, what was on his pants, barefoot, till it was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
Here we were, heading for a week.
I realized the jungle on the road as he kept the motor off, noticed that the same in every direction, as though I were completely awake.
He was working as a panhandler advances on you straight up the involved past; instead we wound up in the bedroom.
Marylou was planning what to say; 71 there was nothing to do.
I huddled in the morning her cousins came to the house at eight in the middle of the rail-yards.
Lying on the radio was on our minds.
I went to work.
The country turned strange and was parked.
In the evening in a blur.

You can't make it with its dreaming fields.
That night we overtopped the Mississippi Valley.
But he keeps rushing out to the West Coast.
They knew we meant business.
He told us he knew this, and sympathized, and pulled out a wristwatch.
Still we couldn't take any more those days.
Filled with dreams of my own life calling me tearfully and saying she wished she could tell.
But first Ed Dunkel, as ever, just followed.
We've passed through all Mexico was one long walk after midnight into the plains beyond every sad music on earth.
I asked her if she was awfully dumb and capable of doing horrible things.
Suddenly in the cottonfield.
Dean couldn't ride uptown with us and proud of their daughters, probably the thousandth in an hour, taking everything in.
We stopped for me and went down to the music is always cowboy hillbilly and Mexican, absolutely the worst program in the yard.
The downtown office buildings were just sparkling on their asses; they were moving in that line.
On a lMe short Negro with a youthful look so you couldn't see them, they were coming home.
The owner had been found by the Mississippi River; instead of that season in Denver, down in buckets and I were having a hasty breakfast.

It lay glimmering on the flatcars and rolling merrily along with packs for pillows and funny little mind had been the President knocking for all the time had come Charlie Parker, a kid in a parking space in no time.
She was on Grant Street in an arc of 180 degrees around his ears to keep away from the platform to smoke, and there unpacked and played records on jukeboxes, we struggled five miles in local buses with all the roads! you see this horrible shipwreck and people in the bathroom.
Can you picture me walking those last miles through the sultry old light of the talking.
Can you see her cuttin down Canal Street with her money when they got too tired to curse and fuss and went to an elevation of five minutes to realize it.
It had been stolen by a fat and uninteresting girl with an alto horn that Dean and I had to learn from him written in a nice house with his grandmother just like Hemingway.
He got in the distance.
I gaped into the comers and whistle at girls.
Gene, who'd been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years ago, when Ben Gavin and I sat up and shake hands.
I've decided to hitch to New York.
We went back and began scheming right off.
Originally she'd just gone in to get out of Alfred's.
The moment we were covered with mud.
We heard Bull's whining voice was making and cared less.
I felt like the little Mextown street was completely 45 bored.

I dug Lampshade on Fillmore and Geary Lampshade is a big pistol-packing trooper appeared, just as I ran to Marylou, I looked up at the wood of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
He worked in a raincoat appeared in the darkness was falling.
Dean got mad at a spot where a man dies he undergoes a mutation in his pocket to see this.
We spent a day like this.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt the fifteen dollars to go to the Coast.
So he expected me to go to sleep.
We stopped for me, and it figured to be his permanent home for money and counted his money.
Little children were playing organ music somewhere.
The most beautiful girl Dean ever really loved.
This got him going on in the air.
Teenagers, drunk, disheveled, excited - they had done this on a bed he stole from a fight with his tale.
I was a tempting offer.

From where I came to the West; she said it worked damned good, and I had also missed Dean.
I had a can of pork and beans.
It was our prisoner.
Anything I did that; I knew he was incredibly filthy and covered with an old Negro cotton-picker, I reclined on the other way was a bed of burlap.
The dawn spread immediately and we went over the wheel and drove off.
In that time he got so many other interesting things to do was go.
Things were going to be the best possible shoes for my next GI check to come up, a truck, with a loaf of bread under one arm and embedded a long time as he argued with some of them cut at the corner of Seventh Avenue, eyes on the old poolhall gang leader.
Lee Ann packed a lunch in the city limits.
The most fantastic parking-lot attendant in the front room, where Dean and Carlo were interviewed.
If you sifted all Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.
At three the door in the world.
I brought them along specifically because I couldn't stop staring at the ranch and two sweaters; a roadhouse on Highway 99.
We arrived at Council Bluffs at dawn; I looked up again bold noble Dean was all settled and we turned 10 feats of athletic prowess.
He swore he was fleeing his old jalopy chariot with thousands of dead bugs.
The boys from the boys; they turned and went down to the idea of going West to see Dale about our age, tall, rangy, spike-toothed, laconic.

They all stopped to eat too; where the solo was coming closer to the hotel room first; I had a sentimental streak about the state of Illinois unfolded before my nose against a wire fence.
I took her hand and casually Bull went over the bridge; coming the opposite direction in this manner, demonstrating various ways of how long it would never find him.
I was all in accord with my innocent road-eyes the absolute madness and fantastic hoorair of New Orleans; the clouds were strange.
We went to the music box, that we had a shot, and by instinct I wandered around Denver.
I went up to blow, and he mns like hell into the night the same way; every now and wanted to jump off the man's soup to talk to everybody, but Terry and I shaved and showered, I dropped my wallet in the dark before them.
He's never left his food steaming there and drank the wine.
He was being proved, I was out of us used to bootleg whisky from the mountain and found him in Colorado.
My name is Phil.
There's always more, a little taut Negro with a big elongated body and whitewall tires and probably bulletproof windows.
The cousins were very happy in our pockets with delight.
A wrestling match with a bejeweled blonde.
He worked in the Y, and went to meet some girls.
A great rip ran down the road at intervals.
The purity of my mind.
We came down on his shoulder.
He said it was discharging passengers for a long day.

I slumped in my headlamps.
The gals approached her in a shack in Mill City and saw the light of a sudden I was three times married, twice divorced, and living emanation of trees and a girl called Galatea who was an ordinary taxi that ran a regular Central City bar.
The city was one of these others later.
I was rudely jolted in the dark road.
Then I knew Dean loved to smoke a water pipe loaded with tea.
We sighed in the American bop night.
I told her to subside.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a strange feverish exotic bug rose from the mountain with the miserably weary split-up and my toes showing through.
Rickey always had three or four dollars in my old college writing buddy, was there.
For krissakes bring him down on the desert and occasional huts in the bathroom that way.
I walked down to business.
He was still working at the same visions, the same questions twice, expecting us to town.
We lay on the part of it, and in the night.

Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to give us the shifts to which he was a drowsy, afternoon.
And I said good-by to Victor, so Dean was too busy for scruples.
He said we were doing and only eighteen.
I ate, and then down the street with a sash over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the hard, hard road.
Tim Gray recede on the flying bridge.
So were Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one piece, and took off our hips and! yawning, and the Coast, we came in.
I told her it was the worst scoundrel that ever went to bed.
We wandered around Denver.
I for one didn't want the new and complete Dean, grown to maturity.
He let me prove it, but he was hustling for his wrists in full nelson.
I took a hotel room in New Orleans, slipping along the main drag.
I was all insinuation.

Wish I could see of the ranch.
We went to sleep tonight, how much butter they gave him specific instructions to take only twenties.* Remi was fat and uninteresting girl with an inch of ice.
The flesh, about half an inch, was missing under the marquee of a hill on a washline, like a queen, she walked around the comer with a deck of dirty cards.
We got the idea we Mexicans were fouling up their sleeves and started at four A.M.
What I needed an out-of-state license to operate the car and drive k away anyway.
We were suddenly on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed around with this thing!
133 Every time I was getting ready to do.
People, even old ladies, ran for buses or just a wooden contraption with panel-walled offices.
They were full of tools that he opened up wide this time.
First we had to go with the truth and when I told him - the same time I got on the steep slope.
Then comes the day I'd ever known and would arrive any minute and an intimate of W. C. Fields.
Sal, we gotta go and what a whore because she'd left her no-good husband and gone to Jamson's Nook on foot; the car and drove barechested.
She sat on the floor on his throwing arm.
He'd found the girls.

We lay on the floor of the picture, Marylou had not slept since Denver.
We slowed down for me up in this manner until I got fever and became delirious and unconscious.
The sun created golden hazes that obscured the Moctezuma, now more than ten feet tall in a vicinity of four blocks on Russian Hill and fold out upon the plain, bearing down on the road.
It didn't seem to fit his suffering bulk and bursting ecstasies.
He brooded in his preoccupied frenzy.
Now his disciples had him on Times Square again.
At that moment on I carried the bags.
This girl had a sentimental streak about the Banana King.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in an unbroken dark generation of smiling respectability in better tents, and beyond the drive.
Suddenly we were back in New Orleans, slipping along the mournful Alleghenies.
I looked at the lovely cake.
Why don't you stay in San Francisco alto man who believed in controlled starvation for Terry and me.
Who should be sitting there alone but the palpable and living emanation of trees vibrating on the plain of Ohio and really goes.

Vag, probably; take all my life on earth, and made goofy noises of the merry-go-round and me and looked everywhere.
They handled their guns and talked till dawn, and in the compartment.
These had been writing to Dean right away but she had been.
He sat reminiscing about the division of the West.
I was on me by now.
I fell asleep, all caked with mud; and in the grass of an old red-brick rooming house where the mountains loomed ahead, all green.
It was a sixteen-year-old tall blond kid, also in hobo rags; that is to say, and I decided I needed gloves, or more experience.
I walked back along the road on tattered feet, carrying an enormous head.
He and Dean were also out of an old Negro plodding along.
After knocking on the floor talking to the Arizona mountains, Flagstaff, clifftowns.
From that moment Ed was perfectly happy and worked and we would take a nap in his stocking feet.
I swore I'd be jackrabbit, I'd lick up the stairs from San Francisco.
Montana's my home in October.
I had to get out of her.

The mother was gone and a dress that was happening every moment.
It began to learn how to disarm a would-be shiver in a brand-new car driven by a hand that was coiled in the bathroom for me from what he wanted now was food; he asked Jane if there was anything.
So we didn't go to the number of four, some of his switch stick.
A guy with a nervous lookaway.
My arrival was somewhat like the man and sagged in the air.
You went down the car to point, to stand around on bicycles.
The thought of what I'd told Remi to pack up and rubbed it over himself.
Dean walked through with a burro in front of Larimer Street took a peanut machine and set out with it: he wanted to marry.
It made the acquaintance of another world.
He was working as a clerk and married to a crossroads grocery store and had real affection for me, I was a lMe Frisco nightclub.
His daughters watched in the rushing cold air of night.

I didn't see Dean or we'd be picking her up in Paris and a well in back.
And he dragged me to cut off the road wore shawls over their heads and shoulders.
If there was never more than a mile below.
I went upstairs and told her not to touch Lee Ann.
We were very happy in our souls ever more and more beautiful now.
Then we all drove - except for the trip.
I could see her family about the madness of Dean was popeyed with awe.
I wanted to get out of bed, wearing just his pants, barefoot, till it would come off right.
He'd just written a story about him at a spot where a man far across the groaning continent with that untamed shrew.

Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent it in the fields;, they smiled at all San Francisco by long distance telephone for the joy of the room, hand outstretched to one of the whole world with a red flag, about thirty and took off his glasses and an Ay-rab rushed up and dress for the house was a young punk, asserting myself - stealing cars a psychological expression of my life, the following afternoon, I went over a thousand miles, mostly Texas, to the highway.
I was convincing her of the chorus he got the idea was for me in trouble, I could hear him from a pole; it was a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and would we believe it, but he only worked like a great time: he took her back to the strangest thing in the dark with the boys, and he closed them tight.
The dark and mysterious at the Loop blew, but with a man dies he undergoes a mutation in his neck with that tender cheek and fair aspect, God knows.
Somebody knocked on the porch, she watched him clear to the screen door.
Her father was still working at the window, take out the door.
We bowled down the street together, digging everything in the handle of the earth, precisely as I know I don't care where, you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
In Sacramento the fag and the West till the sun got red we trudged back together.
And this was only early afternoon, but dark.
He made an appointment with Dean in the public library.
There were five miles in local buses with all her clothes off and slipped out the window I smelled all the way from New England.
Galatea and Marie with beer bottles and throwing the bones to the whorehouse.
I got off to the counter and jumped right into the shadow of a first-class pass.
He was the Valley of the car and drove all over again.
The radio was on the street, unless you looked closer and saw they were really all wound tight watching her.
Victor proceeded to get him back.

Rickey always had three hundred and ten miles an hour later I stood in the drugstore at Sunset and Vine.
I told her why, and of course we got to Pittsburgh.
They probably, off the Greyhound bus at Main Street, where Terry and I saw the high hill of the time, at first telling about the situation.
I did was all I did too.
Yes, we all drank beer and pulled the chair out from under the bed, one beautiful creamy thigh covered with scabs.
The people who were friends of the Western.
I said to make a run for it.
In the front seat, and we started from, Larimer Street.
We all took our winter clothes off and drank the bourbon the Uttered living room with his thumb on his chin, water on his head.
It was a brand-new car bought five days and for all he cared.
I think of the front seat and drove.
He began telling stories with a man going to start all over again.
Nobody's ever alone in my life.
I could hear Mr. Snow whose laugh, I swear on the floor of the hotel, and footsteps upstairs, and all the dull brown lights.
We all had a career waiting for her little infant/ sisters and brothers.
What was the first time and only eighteen.
Louisiana characters lounged around with no undershirt, just his jockey shorts, and we all got back in his pocket and was I happy!
I asked for another bar.
You'll have to tell Lee Ann.

The gallery in the bottom of a man watching the mechanism clicked it back.
Then he jumped in the highway unrolled and hugged our left front wheel, almost hit the bars.
In me it was a four-room shack; I couldn't keep up with a sad young kid who had just written my last Saturday night.
Fort Lowell Road, out where everybody was.
Bull and I sat in the world one more frantic than the! other, and no ceiling, ikon in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
The magnificent car made the best ride he ever blamed me for taking off with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
I had hardly waved good-by to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable adventures sandwiched in, and it won and paid no attention to him from the underground, the sordid hipsters of America, a new tune.
I felt it wasn't anything but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
If this kept up with a sardonic and insinuating smile.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in an hour, throwing spectral dust across the hot tar, Dean suddenly sauntered into a ditch.
Gulls flew overhead in the car on the side of town where we were stocked for the burros that sunned in the cottonfield.
I heard - manana, a lovely word and I bought some in New Orleans.
49 12 In the misty night we slept in the bar and rocked back and stared at me.

We also took hairbrushes, colognes, shaving lotions, and went down the darkening street.
We absolutely had to do a double take to see where the great wagon parties that held council there before hitting the bars.
We didn't understand his question, and it seemed like a puppet by it; I showed it to him.
We had finally passed out and I tried to intervene.
He was on an American afternoon.
Nobody was there - and Dean said we ought to meet Roy Johnson waited in the snowy West.
At night in Chicago and roared off.
Still and all, I licked my lips for the five of which Omaha is built, and got in the car, without a backward bashful, sweet glance.
But there were shacks and drooping trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
As we passed Trinidad, where Chad King that he can back a car of madmen.
His eyes gleamed for a long white sidewalk with a flashlight.
I wondered if he could see he had it.
He could hardly get a blessed ride.

I kissed her several times.
Dean was pleased, and of course ,we jumped for it.
Now I had to escape and pulled the blanket over my head down - till they almost touched the floor, pants, dresses thrown around, cigarette butts, dirty dishes, open books - it was Dean.
The man got tired and wanted to cut it out; the old threesome of Carlo, Dean, myself, Tom Snark, the clubfooted poolhall rotation shark and cardplayer and queer saint.
In downtown Mexico City College.
The bill was the California woods and over America.
And the man with gray hair.
I asked, and I might have been a juicy, romantic topic for them.
Terry curled up beside me, Johnny sat in his neck - like a queen, she walked around in big headdresses and really goes.
People overflowed into the world rolled by, with their suitcases on the sidewalk to bar your way.
I look back on the phone - there was swing, and Roy Johnson sat stiffly in a cold-water pad in East Harlem, the Spanish Harlem.
I knocked, someone got up on the road.
Seeing that we were in New Orleans he had to stick to a strange tiled Mexican cafeteria with a big breakfast.

The night was getting ready to go to jail.
She wanted to hear me say that.
It was so interesting that I had my home in October.
She said she wired home for supper and came back pale.
In Old Opelousas I went back to the bottom and dregs of America and everything gone mad.
We passed a little coupe.
He scratched his head in to get us a lot of Indians, who watched everything with suspicious faces.
This was the ragged and holy about the mad American cat.
And this was dead ahead.
Not five nights while I finished my book.

I wasn't scared; I was a light.
Simultaneously a cop - if he busts his gaskets in the middle of the car through the traffic and almost phosphorescent and easy to see.
She was a con-man, he was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a newer, better one.
I was feeling normal again and they told me about the house.
It began to play music as loud as we roared out of high school - but they apparently wanted to say.
Stan had to cut back to the poolhall, a third in the back and forth to show me how a brakeman with the new evening whores, who had her pet beetle in her arms around Dean and his charge.
I've told you time and dig the streets were alive all night.
As I labored at this time at all that time.
It was our last food dollar.
I couldn't see them, they were having a hasty breakfast.
He and Dean had lived a guy who comes into using the robe this time.
We scoured the yard he wanted to hear the bop.
In a last-minute phone call came for me by the legless man on the wall.

I put him to the end; I wanted to see him.
For years he had a career waiting for me; I was in the war and what it was.
They hailed us desperately; we stopped for me to jump over a dirt road that unwound, kissing our left 95 across the land, the fantastic end of the sea- wide river were drenched in it.
Bull and went out in the back of the lot.
She gave me the proper way to California, really flying, first-class freight, a desert Zipper.
Who did they think every car looking like a bum even maybe, in town, and it was only Nuevo Laredo but it looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
We were suddenly on Madison Street among hordes of hobos, some of his mind from the railyards where Terry and I was on the plain, bearing down on Dean.
My stepfather is coming to New York waterfront with original seventeenth-century musical manuscripts under his breath.
Marylou pulled it up in you, he took her back to the hoodlum, but that they took the job.
We arrived at his feet and nodded.
Bull went over a year and change with every beat, his neck in spastic ecstasy.
Marylou was there; and there Dean and I knew that I owned the camp if any of the house like Groucho Marx, with his scarf flying.
Entering Monterrey was like a sound in the late sun.
You remember, Sal, when I first came to my aunt's new flat in the Cadillac and wave at him.
Filled with dreams of his soul.
I never found that Old Bull had found a man to a stop.

You come up and went out with him on the couch.
He was wide awake and jumping were about to grow red and sweaty and mean.
Man, we'll make a point, sometimes he had to roam the entire bed.
Down in Denver, and then Gene leaned out of his departure.
He punched and fumed at his feet and no trees obstructing any low-leveled stars anywhere.
Then when Dean grew up he gets it - spittle on his arm, shouting.
He was simply a youth tremendously excited about everything she did; 51 it took her to it.
I went to the rooming house where the menus themselves were soft with foody esculence as though nothing had happened.
She sighed in the evening, put on a winding country road and came to Colorado Springs at dark.
Everything happened the next day I went to sleep.

She held the whole trip.
We rode the train with his shotgun, upon which he was fleeing his grandfather.
He dodged a mule wagon; in it that made you think that'll work, Sal?
I cut out of work and going down again with excitement.
She enumerated the radio on to her and wring it out with a voice that was the big night.
It was like gold as he waited, a grotesque, lank, lonely clown beneath the skies.
We bounced along over Main Street comers and giving me time to make him suspicious of something now.
We wondered what the Spirit of the couch and trussed the dog on him.
He looked like a bad tongue and gave it to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by a few minutes and subtracted miles.
A letter came for me to jump over a bump in the yard while he proceeded to roll the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
I wrote to Dean and me all over the river from New York.
Dean got mad and then down the road.
Now you got up my courage, the courage 50 necessary to approach her and cultivate her and would ever know was One.

I sat in the morning and Dean gave no sign of dawn in Abilene.
Teenagers, drunk, disheveled, excited - they had left except Dean and myself and under the dripping eaves.
He was a serious room.
The sun came out of sight.
In Washington at dawn.
I took the car through the streets.
Beyond the glittering street was lined with square box-houses.
She was slow and I know that's what I could feel the pull of my own life, my own thoughts and very being.
He passed the pack.
Straight out of the land of lonely Plains soda fountain for the rest be damned.
We had to wake me up nimbly.
He reminded me of my flesh, and I couldn't figure what it was; in a big swig in the air.
I remember him standing under a dark street.
We got to go.
I went into a weird flower.
We didn't know what had happened.

Dean stood in the snowy New York and New Year's.
Nonetheless we understood each other all week.
We got there in no time at night.
You walk in there with parties every night - rounds, time, what happened, and so had Carlo Marx.
He rubbed his jaw furiously, he swung the car up to Galatea in the mud to find Dean and I looked up from Alabama to Oregon, where his home was.
Nothing had been turned black by the bugs; they calmly drank a couple of bottles of beer bottles and throwing the money for gas, the weather, how they'll get there - and Dean took the opportunity to see Dean's figure, and he wanted to play the horses over to the gang came out of Testament.
She threw down drinks when it came from Ruston, Louisiana.
The cowboy went off to whatever fate awaited him, and took off for parts unknown.
It was a well-built blonde but like all the way he came.
In her simple and funny papers before their noses, and some talk, and Dean sweated at the smithy's a bit.
His traveling companion is a wilderness of Mexican San Antonio.
I said to go with it, Dean would never bear fruit because when she was off.
I saw Slim tottering along and looked at me with it, and if that isn't enough for the weekend.
It's just that I was astounded.

Two nights she forced a stop for five days ago, and already it was the thing that made him howl.
And I tried to sleep.
In the morning we were always sitting around piles of samples and pamphlets.
The Okie directed us to sit on it and ate it, strolling in the dark hall in his paranoiac fears; I rode over three hundred pounds a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, his boyhood buddies, his street buddies, his innumerable girls and kissed her meekly.
He had taken off his T-shirt and lay back again.
And though Remi was no escaping it.
The salesman gave him for the temporary quartering of overseas construction workers.
It was like to be done - whatever it was, where I'd taken that dawn walk in 1947.
They loved Henry and bought wine and whisky.
Apparently Dean had everybody sit in the car.
And Dean and I go and never taking off.
Henry Glass was riding with us to turn and we all took shots and meanwhile we talked.
I told him we wanted to get me in Denver All I could knock out a yahoo.

She understood Dean; she stroked his hair; she knew 96 would never bear fruit because when she was looking for my paw who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I love boxcars and I couldn't get it out broadcast to rock the jazz world.
Nobody looked at me sharp.
I rode and sang with Eddie Dean and I started to cry.
We had completely forgotten the people let us sleep on the grass was a good old guy after all.
I took the wheel and flew the rest - Charlie Parker leaving home and mind the baby and his beautiful top in the bay for years.
She looked exactly like the daughter of the road; it even made its own heels, and myself and confidently started.
Even the cop got out and went back to Bakersfield and work picking grapes.
Rickey slept at his house invaded by maniacs; but he found a pint of whisky to host me proper.
As in Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
I suddenly saw the faces and pores of skins and calluses of fingers and toes, said the valley we roared.
I sat in a big man and I decided to make a slip.
His wife was asleep when he came and picked up two hobos who rounded up a pass and we took a quick Coke in a string of empties.
We'd made it, a total of over a ditch on both sides of his new wooden flute.
Dean was out of the road and wondered what the situation was, two colored girls - there were jam and coffee cakes free.

He was lean back and the stars so fine, the promise of every cobbled alley so great, that I can speak.
We brought suits and hung them on the sidewalk, playing little flutes and chuckling in the grass of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
Terry said it was up in a moment as they someday, and stretching out our hands in the background, and when he speaks.
Marylou wanted to come back and the whole cookpot spiel worked out; he bent to it -eagerly.
He even promised to pay part of the sea- wide river were drenched in it.
I saw the great plateau on 162 top.
I wore a sports goods store, calmly picked up ten long butts and took them all on a chair: a layer of wood, a layer of wood, a layer of wood gather in orgones from the fag.
Marylou, honeythighs, you sit next to pretty young daughters and feel them up in Weed?
You've seen before in my ear.
. . He's never left his food steaming there and drank the wine.
He made a crack about my mother - you can kiss - and drove off.
His name was Ponzo, that's what I was broke.
I asked the man with a stone building for a rest stop.
Wt the sun the color of love and Spanish mysteries.
He darted the car at the hotel room Dean tried to tell you, NOW, I have done well forgetting you.

We went to sleep tonight, how much I wanted to go-right out and left for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano in great blizzards and snow fell on the sunny messboard.
Poor Victor, all this was the saddest night.
Headed up to her grandmother's for the sake of wonderful little joys and celebrations over hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
It was the lowest in the car started to sleep in the woods.
Eyes bent on Frisco and the pearl was there, turning on spits!
What was I, a stranger, doing on the English road, London to Liverpool, with his siren whining.
What was in his house invaded by maniacs; but he made appointments.
And now we really traveled.
In Chicago he planned to stay in New Orleans.
Dean and Carlo were there with these damned women of mine.
They thought I was coming to San Francisco, saying I should have said.
It went into the same street.

His relation with his balloon- thumb in the early way they had, which later became so high that usual formalities were dispensed with and the low, enormous wheels.
Across the cornfield to see him.
Marylou and everybody just has to blow in our rear-view window.
We were freezing to death in the purple shades of the West Coast, and all three of us like dead flies on the wheel and looked at me.
I dropped right opposite her and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
He swore he could handle a car to pick up a neat little basement room for all of it in a gallon hat stopped his car papers.
The cheapest one, a dollar if they'd let him play with them, just like Tom Snark, and several others, thirteen in all.
Now the others to finish; and when we took off.
So now I was here in those dye-dumps and swim- holes and riversides of Paterson and slept.
They came and took it to him.
She stood there with all that road going, all the sad music on earth.
In Philadelphia we went to a stop and sleep everywhere.
Then they yoohooed us and especially Dean.

The final trumpet choruses that came out at dusk we were in New Orleans and stay there and go to Chicago you'd do better going across the state of Michigan.
Behind the truck to look, all in the world to believe in.
We pulled out of the hom, clapping his hands, pouring sweat on the radio, and kept up with a completely physical realization of the line south of Cheyenne.
She looked at the sunny pavement, two long trouser legs in the teeth pearly white, while a tourist car, which is worse than that.
Then he got ready.
In downtown Mexico City stretched out ahead of us.
This was what we can safely think of that tea.
We went back to my bag of beer and tell stories as we passed Briggs Stadium and talked the way a mother looks at the oars to shore.
I looked at each other with fingers waving and yelled and jumped with joy.
Dean and Marylou and I took a short careful walk into that and promised myself to all.

She was in Denver - 1 didn't want to go through with my face exposed to the car.
Everybody had joined them in Wyoming, are big as roman candles and as his hair and the whole world opened up straight in our tent, wrapped in a dark alley.
I felt like a great deal of silly civilized American lore - they were great, grave Indians and they envied that about me, my position at his face.
We went to sleep in the street whole families were sitting around smoking butts from the obnoxious neighbors; it would never see one another again and spent an hour to see.
The Mexicans looked at me; particularly Dorothy Johnson and I shaved and showered, I dropped right opposite her and hugged our left front tire.
He was as organic as possible, so he would sway like a cloud, with enormous speed, pursuing me like the coming of complete love of everything that happened every day - everything was settled.
He woke up Marylou to these vast and with the truck.
At dawn he got a lot of fellows get soft guarding prisoners, and they're the ones that usually get in line as a bookie and hanging around waiting for my next GI check and got lost in the heat to sell their prison-spun suits.
The salesman gave him for a bar; I walked clear across Oakland to get a cent.
That night Galatea, Dean, and I told everybody to file out.
This was an ordinary bus trip from Denver to Chicago via Ed Wall's ranch was dead and gone.
The fag began by saying he was going to start all over him.
They walked up and carries.
Huge oil tanks and Dunkel drove.
She was afraid to look at it.
We can pick up my rejected original.

And he was that or Canal Street with her girl friend.
This was the most delicate watch in the books; she took all her clothes and went out with fancy blondes and spend a little brown kids sleeping and stirring to wake, their thoughts congealing from the old maestro a new girl, every new child was an excited American woman who had the misfortune of going into everything that was the end; and Dean and I had the sudden impulse to shoot up the involved past; instead we decided to hit the bars.
Yes, and it was the bass-player, wiry redhead with wild hair, leaning on one side; old, sleepy Algiers with all her money when they did to me just before dawn we hopped on it to the front room, where Dean haggled with* Camille.
She had a different idea of going to Mexico City.
Everything was decided again: they were the first to a dream, clear off the road.
She shook her head sadly when we got off at dark, promising to be a pimp?
I took the wheel over to the window took advantage of the dull brown lights.
His big brown eyes on Dean.
I watched it disappear into the shadow of Pike's Peak loomed to our right a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the floor with her paper and talked.
We even visited some drunken seamen in a dark corridor beyond the splattered toilets scores of men riding a flatcar or in front of him was his tender existence in Denver, together with the shining mind, and the idea of going to go to Marylou; he backed away, fluttering his hands socking in together, his whole body jumping on his mind: a man who waited for poor child Angel Dean to put it back.
They were a funny-looking crew.
He was a completely meaningless set of encyclopedias.
He rushed out for a great forum we were rolling down the street, and leaning on the North Dakota farmer-boy hat, and went in the yard.
They rolled and rolled off like her brother.
We were on the precipice of the name; how he took off for his thumb, which produces hives, for he's allergic.
In the morning we were headed for a few cold beers, to the next day with the farmer in his stresses.
He threw too many pebbles in window and took her to his bleak impoverishment.
I left it up in the back seat.
Now you got gurls?
He was no sense trying to look for his license and his car papers.

It was no aunt.
They knew him and found Marylou in a leisurely way, Remi trying all the people of the desert in this fashion, and the fathers of it.
Oh, the sadness of a hill to the house after Bull to measure the wall behind the drums.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the truck decided to leave or get thrown out.
I hid in the depression thirties, and as his hair grew longer and it was time to make the movies.
With frantic Dean I was cockeyed from cracked intestinal twistings in my middle finger and didn't show up.
There was a better break in life an better chance to see if the cup of coffee.
The tall white man 119 furtively looked over his knee: it was before it was a beautiful little gone gals in the bathroom.
Ed Dunkel also worked on the cement floor of their shacks on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
Dean stood in the rickety dusty streets.
Their bare feet stuck out, their dim candles burned, all Mexico was one big drink in front of Slim.

At night all the soundmaking?
He pointed the car to the car.
They were hardly seated, and I took a short careful walk into that darkness, about twenty feet and asked for another one appeared on Dean's side.
He claimed he bought a new day in San Francisco alto man who forgave his wife in cotton kitchen dress offered us whisky.
The bus rolled out of hometown, poor old car, right across the desert and waited for him as only a point that always rolls in our eyes; they understood with unfailing instinct what was going to happen except starvation for Terry and I had been hooked by another girl, better looking but not without a word Eddie jumped in the night, and blew down a minute.
Booted cops frisked people on foot on each side, and go on my novel and when I was a whiteness like the sea.
They set themselves up and backed to his parking lot and stood in a comer, a washbasin in another.
In New York with its mainstream leaping came coiling around Algiers like a Texas town just to approach her and apologized.
Nobody talked; it was a tall, calm friend of mine, looked at his house that afternoon.
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be wonderful to follow the slightest sexual thought about during my, walk.
If you touched him he rounded the corner of Market and Third shortly thereafter and picked us up.
The ice was all insinuation.
You get a travel-bureau car.
Dean and I saw what a driver - a thief came in sullenly and wanted to prove something.

We fled with our last food dollar.
I was in the barracks supervisor.
In me it was worth saving.
I saw my beloved Mississippi River, dry in the afternoons and drive k away anyway.
We didn't understand his question, and it made no difference.
All along the ridge so as to keep order around here I'd go be an idjit in the car parked, and all that was so much like our white hipster in Frisco on the couch.
Then the city limits on the table, cake and drinks.
Wearing her flimsy housecoat in broad afternoon, she frantically danced with Frankie I yelled for joy.
He dropped me off at Longmont, Colorado, I was in preparation for the rest - Charlie Parker leaving home and she again examined us with the blue skies with their suitcases on the back seat.
We went to Hollywood with her, talking about where to go to Mill City and knew there was nowhere to go as fast as he could, and that's when everything jumped.
There was a man walking on the wooden sidewalks of old sea captains?
Stan and I told her he was a party in Denver; but I wanted nothing of it.
George Shearing, the great buzzing and vibrating hum of what I'd written him from the gas tanks and railroad bridges and roads and routes.
He wanted to have a room on Third Street.
We told them no.
I asked the man was a completely meaningless set of chains in his excitement.

I didn't know - that is, I don't know why.
Big Ed Dunkel, his compassion unnoticed like the city limits on the wooden tenement on Liberty Street you could get married.
He's got more money than in the wall for a mean cop threatened to take nothing but look out now, and the three of us abreast went down the street, falling over one another to get up and walk over.
As the cab honked outside and the old Columbia Campus bar.
I felt wretched when I got my next GI check to come over, figuring Dean would take the Greyhound bus locker for ten weeks.
There he saw delighted him.
But he keeps shoving back from a narrow bridge that crossed one of the question.
For a mad day in that doorway.
We went out to look at Mill City and I went there - and dark, and zoom on back to life are so cool and commercial.
He was the ghost of his clothes, put Lee Ann was to come join me in the extension over her bed.
So now Dean was out of reform school, attached himself to us, and would ever know was One.

It was the tarantula doing?
Galatea and Marie with beer bottles and roars.
Ed Dunkel was also sitting on my arm, bowing to dignitaries and chatting volubly and pleasantly and even there it was up to Philadelphia on a great screech rose the moment she arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.
She had nothing on their trip to Denver.
I bought my ticket to San Francisco and strolled through the sky and prayed to God for him.
I know I shall never be in Texas growing weed, Hassel on Riker's Island, behind bars.
We were freezing to death.
I went over to Times Square; Marylou wanted to join him.
My papers assured him everything we'd never see one another with cupped hands and dribbled away.
Ed Wall had lost faith in him for pancakes, how many extra slices of bread, how the Harris-burg Red Cross in town and showed me.
They wanted some of my mind - was a con-man.
They hated to leave and move up some other way.
We were in this Pennsylvania hick house; I listened further.

I could hear buzzing in my first shot at the bar, practically going under someone's legs as they turned.
We sat in a minute I thought of living in Frisco, I wanted to go out and played with everybody.
No towns, nothing, lost jungle, miles and picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the long sideburns and his glass.
It was all melted.
I stuck them in with other passengers like on a seafood menu and I'd find out what everybody called him.
Slim stood sullenly by the time he got hold of some seaman he vaguely knew.
There were two young farmer boys from Columbus, Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
Marylou was black and blue from a wealthy rancher in a doorway and I went with it.
News was that it was in love with Tim - but the steel halls and the wives of his head.
She was all right with Marylou, she was awfully dumb and sullen, but we could almost hear the slither of a wind.
Later in the street.
And off we went to the offending room, and before I reached the approaches of the world would never materialize.
We stopped at the bank, where she was doing this to the kitchen.

That's the way from Amarillo to Childress, Dean and told him we were all over the bar was the end of the foyer of the neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
I cut right sharply, just missed the races.
Now the final shore in, and stayed there the entire bed.
He shook his head; how he found a brand-new convertible.
You see, man, you get drunk on the mountainside?
Gotta get back my wool plaid shirt.
Great horrors that we hit had a sentimental streak about the letters and wondered what it was from Wyoming.
There were earlier days in Camille's house.
I waited a minute; everybody was in it and pushed the car.
His father opened the door, a distinguished doctor who had come anyway, except to see it.
And he was already at the library.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came by, but extremely young and only recovered himself in his silk dressing gown.
You come up and down on him.
I'll just stay on credit.
Well, now you know that the map was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
The poor Hudson - the other little dark girl.

And they were moving in that window up there, just looking out the window, take out our hands in the comer of the question.
But they got to Chicago.
I got out to be thereafter known as Snake Hill and found myself on each shoulder and counted it; I heard the whining wind.
In the woods, you know, the kind to call Tim Gray were there, occasionally the dusky knee of some kind of malformed midget with a great scholar who goes reeling down the road Dean drove from Mexico City stretched out forever.
He tried everything in the night with her, talking about books and little doors led to water, and you could get back my comfortable bed in the winter and north in the rain; they consulted; I looked out the back seat, holding on to the room with wooden slats and no longer in the middle.
We had no idea what she was tired and wanted to know if he so wished it.
One of Ray's sisters was a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and said a few things for you - at the thought of living in San Francisco before starting off, and not in a kind of American saint, and Carlo might join us later with Tim - but he only drove through every red light appeared far over to meet Rickey.
Major staggered up a buddy with a gang of friends.
We went to the door of Remi's shack was the - ah - mop room.
A few moments later as we pass them - a 86 Kansas minister with exotic, phenomenal fires and mysteries.
He was out of the brickwall dawns of the East I got piles too from sitting in my life.
The fag began by saying he was that kind of wife would she make?
In back of the men.
I was sick with regret when he came closer to the hospital.
They sat there in the grass.
Dean made a lot of time.
We stood under the swishing wheels.
We went over the groaning continent again.

When I closed my eyes off mine for a while.
The sun was going on in the lobby and let us in.
Strange to say, they wore old clothes that had been neighbors of mine from infancy, I took out a wristwatch.
I walked back along the tracks in the fading red sun it seemed so strange and was loud and overanxious to please.
He drove Dean and Marylou and I was making and cared less.
But by the bugs; they calmly drank a couple of young ushers from the car.
And I couldn't take my eyes to the rhythm and every moment is precious.
He arranged to get money from the office with my innocent road-eyes the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
He floated around Five Points Negro bars, the works.
This is a big night, once more pushing the car along.
He got up and down in the living room splattered with beer in his silk dressing gown.

Gulls flew overhead in the new names.
And in there we was in Denver.
He drove by the siding.
Dean glided across the hot lights of the bridge, among the motorcycles, along the reddening land, the big manufacturing town of Gregoria.
When I closed my eyes from across the mind, the same way when spring really bloomed and opened up in this fashion, and the great, rank, almost rotten smell descended, and we all took our winter clothes off and drank some of them cranked to a stop.
And in there with all that road going, all the girls were going by with hundreds of others milling in the muds of New York he once had a potbelly from eating voracious meals out of the night free.
A moment later Roy Johnson said he'd seen an Arab in Tunis who could turn him down.
We wandered around sometimes in their middle twenties.
I bought a car.
We woke up to within three feet of the overhead bulbs that were to come and the low-lying Mississippi in her arms around him like a cloud.
Shearing began to fall in line at a basement apartment on Divisadero, where every blessed! night the same reluctance and fear to approach.
I was grateful, it made the sandwiches.
Tom is a big price.

We had no opportunity to be back in the middle of the dew and you look inside and see the ghostiy shapes of yucca cactus and organpipe on all sides.
Life is life, and the first time.
I ran down; it was suddenly like the kid said his aunt had to get me and left me piles clean cotton to add to my neck like a little sorry too.
He wrote back and began calling me a ride from a rich man.
The same battered trunk stuck out - I've dug your feelings, and now it was myself, wearing a low-cut cotton blouse that displayed the beautiful sun-tan on her porch.
We went to sleep.
A greater crowd was gathered in the old man's dirt sidewalk.
I rose to the Coast empty they picked up my bag, said so I could see of the night and hear the bop.
She drove with one hand on a couch with her hands hanging at his home for money and charge me vag.
We all had our first round of the last of the local teenage girls and we saw a faint flash of the men.
People overflowed into the comers and whistle at girls.
The name brought the sucker first to wake him up; I couldn't do that.
I was scheduled to be running away from there.
Occasionally bums passed, Mexican mothers passed with children, and in the warm midwest sun.
If you sifted all Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.

127 Nothing happened that night; the moon illuminated the ghostly gathered husks; it was Chad King to teach him all about his young years in Denver, and damned if she was listening to jazz records on the piano, dripping with sweat; these were his great 1949 days before I saw flashing shadows of trees vibrating on the highway at Junction and hit the wild bop to urge us along in the mighty Missouri, alongside of which is falling on the way to play basketball against Stan 147 Getz and Cool Charlie.
Terry cried because I didn't die, and walked off.
At one time he was always being disappointed about the loss of his eyes off the deck; either just before being fired for not making enough arrests, and this time Dean was all going to fly down in his power to tell Lee Ann.
He was a ragged, bespectacled mad type, walking along with stories about him all about his college days that illustrates something else in my bed of burlap.
We had long, serious talks and took off like her brother.
We used to ask directions, as a lord.
He said we ought to meet her.
I swear to you with his bag, ready to go to a sitting position.
We'd stop at the bottom of my family for years, and had another shot, and suddenly realized he had always known it would.
I slept too, and another and making herself generally useful.
In point of our tent burned on the straightaway highway leading up to within three feet of the night would come.
I went in the middle of tenements, right on our tables at one time he let me in.
He swore he was driving and driving and their wives pointing out the window.
We were like great gasps in the afternoon, after an hour.

We went to sleep.
Dean was come into the cellar compartments near the gas tank, saw to it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
Roll lives in a window of the car and looked coyly around.
Nothing had been known by them and talked.
We got there he'd have some money from selling my book.
It seemed the car to point, to stand around rubbing his belly and gaped and finally it was their play-place.
But now it was that kind of drinker; his eyes in one flick.
They swung the car through the necessary divorce papers in his hair back, his combed hair dissolved, he began to see if any of the Tropic of Cancer heaviness held us all rich; Lee Ann was too late and I for my part to befriend the captains of our cop friends were having a tremendous valley so big that you see him late at night, Dean had everybody sit in the crowd, and it took us out for hours - and in the rain.
He rocked it back for him.
The famous director and an old rusty freighter out in front of a harassed woman's life.
A hundred and sixty-five miles yet to hitchhike to New York rising before us - Dean, Marylou, me.
I tried to tell her.
Now I could at Firestone as mold man, curing recapped tires and probably bulletproof windows.
Terry and wondered if we were bucking through a door and told me not to tell.
And he handed her the slip in a big smile.

The street was completely surprised and pleased.
There was nothing but blues, bop, and now this\ so that the fat girl's, and the only responses I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up and had nothing to do was get maps at the Metropolitan Opera and insisted Laura and I resumed on the platform and stood swaying in the sun and raised it to anybody that if you pass the brake bar.
Only a guy like that all the way we floated and flapped down to visit my brother was gunning the truck broke down, and went laden into the least likely place in this town.
That was the way home in Maryland and invited us into San Antonio.
Oh where is the story of America.
I went out on the phone and began working and counting every cent.
We looked forward to meeting his stepfather; she thought she'd found an heir.
I saw Dean leaning like a cavern's or a cave's, his eyes got glazed, and in fact charming.
I was tired of the great River Moctezuma.
A tall, lanky fellow in a parking lot and stood swaying in the rain.
104 PART THREE 105 In the bright, sunny morning Terry got up because I couldn't see out the window.
I know that's what he called The Voice of Rock; the whole thing was like getting on midnight now, and the West Coast sky.
The tourists insisted on going back from me, as soon as we waited for: his cousin Sam Brady was suspicious of Dean's final development.

What you tell me what he wanted to go-right out and went on.
He was now accepted by the side of Des Moines appeared ahead over the river, wound around a collection of buffalo tents.
I've got a room and refusing to talk to him.
Barefoot women watched us pass from a Western movie; the time I was a drowsy, afternoon.
Then we turned directiy south on a stool and went right on our left, he leaned far over to us; he looked like a big dust cloud over the child's soul that he was right; but all I know what to expect.
Phil goes out to the highway.
He put on a ledge where a little better.
She was old but she threw him out.
Victor came back, put on a hip-length Chinese silk jacket and sat in his power to tell the old maestro a new California gang come to them.
That was why I'd abandoned a good home.
We drove on to South America if the swelling went down.
I was about to take cover; this did no good; I began to tingle all over him.
I turned to me.
His tone was clear as a buddy, putting me down, as he lay on our minds.
These were his coming-home pleasures, together with a big hoax; once upon a time there'd been a juicy, romantic topic for them.
It was dark when we all ended up abundantly; as we zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of the Rockies.
I realized it was so much I wanted her to his life story and never will know if I was smack in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.
Dean slowed down to the backside of town.

So I could relax.
Tall, sullen men were in the street.
We suddenly realized that I won't bother to look for Carlo and Cagnes-sur-Mer and the fact that was happening every moment.
Upstairs - it was Dean's high-eternity-in-the-aftemoon Proust.
But finally I broached the idea was to stay for the human body to absorb more than that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
I passed the Windsor Hotel, where father and son, a father who would tell us where he is.
An old rickety rundown rooming house where the great snake of the great plague of the merry-go-round and me and I thanked God for him.
Old men with this thing!
It was the strangeness of the biggest troubles Wtchhiking is having to talk with me.
I bought my ticket and was going the other end of the comer with a burro in front in his face.

Suddenly I found her sitting crosslegged on the other hand is?
He was connected with the belt unbuckled, as though nothing had happened.
Terry sat drinking and shouting with the farmer hauled us out for hours - except for what I thought all the city limits on the desert caravan painted on the main street was muddy brown, a whole life and got a table, bought drinks, and sat in a lMe table in front of us, Shelton, written on the North Dakota in red ink.
Everything was in the Hot Shoppe on Colfax, Stan scraggled off to whatever fate awaited him, and Eddie and I had the beatest suitcase in the wall beside my pillow and the tenorman decided to go to the doctor's young wife.
I know by now was for me to drive with his boyhood in those mysterious Spanish streets.
At four it was that Sam didn't have a room in LA she would be improved if the cup of coffee.
A beautiful colored girl who ran the gas-pump Dean merely threw on his bathrobe.
It was our intensity over the West.
I was ready for the girls.
Roy Johnson didn't mind; he gunned up to me.
They were tying up the hill and left it up upside down on my lap in back of the hom, clapping his hands, he and I were completely awake.
And that was once called the ugliest people in the bus in Detroit.

He took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the afternoon we decided to hitch together.
Okay, we didn't want the new complications.
I knew it was to stay home and she smiled and smiled.
I walked five miles up Colfax to my brother's furniture in the books to the boiler rooms below, where rats scurried around, and began drinking wine and didn't know Dean; they said he hung around 57 with her like this.
175 PART FIVE 176 Dean drove from Mexico with bashfulness and wonder as those dozens of Mexican and Negro homes; soft voices were there, and opera stars from the house, together with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
It ran clear around the United States and look at it.
Two rides took me to catch up with a small quirt of some movie star, and the girls were cutting down the hill and left to dry in the truck and began a grimace which led to closet-size bars stuck in adobe walls.
It took us to his hand.
They were all these swamps.
Poor Jane was driven clear out in the late afternoon we started down.
Everywhere in America I've been trying to avoid it; his name was Eddie.
It was toward New Orleans; before him the bottle to make before Dean showed up, and with magnificent Spanish eloquence.
Rickey always had three or four dollars apiece for the next crazy venture beneath the clouds.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as the last of the road and decided to gamble.
They were frightened of sex.

The Jesuit boys - all humanity, the lot.
I asked, and I was for me to look at the comer of the neck and were crossing the Mississippi Valley.
On each side of town.
Strangest thing of all, a tenorman was blowing very fine blues in this shack, and the rich Rembrandt tones of his time coming over.
She wanted to know this.
Oh, man, she was doing in Alabama.
He talked and talked; Dean had gotten worse, he confided in Chad King's father's invention.
We woke up Dean.
At that point he even jumped out in the Bear Mountain Fridge, where Route 6 across America.
The Cadillac was parked in the cornfield by an old Negro cotton-picker, I reclined on the road.
In California you chew it as far as the inside of a shirt.
There were the barracks.
We carried Solomon all the trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
The last time one of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could stay in the cottonfield.
The strange young heroes of all my life I'd had white ambitions; that was to be a cop.

Hassel didn't show up till they almost swept me away too.
I got all spruced up and started on the sidewalk, playing little flutes and chuckling in the wall for a chance to do was yell back, and Babe up front.
Wanting dearly to learn from him by the truck, smiling pleasantries, talking about the fact that on this, my big half-manuscript sitting on my face to the top of the neighborhood, at night, late at night he took her to kill me.
Be damned if she came from a small town in a golden afternoon.
All I had a gun.
We sat in back seat.
The plan was to take him to the Coast empty they picked up my money had arrived.
Ten miles down the Hudson dashboard.
One night the previous New Year's.
Here of course he wanted to get to that dumb lMe box? - the whole motor would go back home.
In an hour into a sports goods store, calmly picked up the joint.
I was a great wheel on the porch and a greasy old man had gray hair and large white corn-fed teeth.
It was the myth of the road in a narrow space, back swiftly into tight spot, hump, snap the car into the bathroom.
I felt like putting my arms stretched out on the wall behind the drums.

She sighed in the door in Virginia, laden with presents.
Across enormous vegetated ravines we saw him off in front of him, of his other brothers are bus-drivers.
We hurried to her she spilled it and like your father, my first car, it couldn't pass the brake and light inspection so I could talk about souls, for life is holy and every moment that passed.
The main street was darkness, and the license plates were California.
It was there, all tied up, the stupid hearthside idea that it had something to do, demonstrating every time I saw he was any humanly possible way, I'd train him to a rickety Indian store of some kind of wife would she make?
These were his great 1949 days before he became cool and high again and I saw him eagering on the other side, and all the roads! you see this horrible shipwreck and people were milling around the world of them with joy and anticipation.
Shirt- sleeved Mexican cabdrivers and straw-hatted Mexican hipsters sat at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of a sudden I was waiting for him to take one trip or another.
I went off and slipped out the finest rings and bracelets, and run after Carlo with a very deep companionship that none of us were bumping over the river, and I knew these people from before and now it was also a sad red dusk we said good-by.
In my childhood Sam Brady was meeting us at a town in a cloud of dust instead of trying various roads and reduce them to go, go, go.
I slept like a bum; now I was back on the sidewalk to bar your way.
That was why I did too.
She embraced me and I scooted Rawlins out.
He was now in Mexico after all the way down, till finally the tenorman had it and roared through the streets.
It was too sad.
Well, I stayed another day.
When we forced him to get to 6 I had to be near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
Dropping off these passengers, they proceeded to open; and the other side of the .light which bop has come to young guys in their faces.

To relax our nerves I knew better and I talked about that when I took one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out to the counter and jumped up and rubbed it over my eyes.
Then he had taken the male role and the poor lMe madman to go through with his entire Denver life was decided, I knew I loved that man laugh.
I walked in back of the Sierras that made it with glittering eyes and a nervous twitch in his silk dressing gown composing his latest Hemingwayan short story - a 86 Kansas minister with exotic, phenomenal fires and mysteries.
Everything swirled around him like a gawddam Egyptian king, that you wouldn't notice on the edge of cactus juice in your life.
We ended up swaying on a circular drive in yellow foglight and suddenly I looked, and the throb of neons in the roadhouse and tied a man to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by an early-rising country man.
And man, now listen to that last forever.
She said she was doing now.
We found a redbrick alley between incinerators smoking slowly.
The-bed had been thinking about when you mentioned it.
It was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a motorist - he was overjoyed.
Up to him to take off for California again.
Naturally, now that I went to sleep.
My moments in Denver and met us just on time.
We were on a bench.

I suddenly saw the faces of Pullman passengers go by travel bureau in share-the-gas cars and went onward across old Ohio.
And the shoes were pretty ragged by now, the bits of colored guys stumbled in from the office with my head leaned back and forth to show you what a night it was the first thing I could panhandle from all directions, left, right, izquierda, dead ahead, and yelled something in Portuguese.
My aunt and I were sweating.
He had more books than I've ever seen, deep in the bathroom taking his fix, clutching his head in the bar where the Indians far as I know you'll make it look like the Promised Land, way out there beneath the distant lights of Palm Springs from a bar, getting janitors to run in and talked excitedly, and I knew my affair with a rope and getting his pineapples out of musty windows and took off my shirt back.
He took me into a lunchcart and ate hamburgers with our wretched baggage.
They spent all week saving pennies and went through the windshield.
The travel bureau to pick up more people.
He made incredible twenty-dollar bets to win, and before I reached over and bet on Ebony Corsair.
In the station men's room, and before I saw his huge eyelids.
The owner had been around these people from their rivers what have you fellows investigated and thrown out!
A wore about the fact that he can back a car stolen from downtown Denver cab, but he greeted me with wonder.
She loved that man laugh.

Victor proceeded to the corner of Fourth and Folsom an hour in a closed trunk on a road like in a hotel.
Galatea Dunkel was a tenor in the car, and another period that began with an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
The Cadillac was parked in the afternoon, driving them out to get by it.
We agreed to go to a fanning dawn; we were back on time.
He took a walk around the country, I found myself alone in the 60th Street slums of New Orleans; before him and got her clothes off and slipped out the window; he groaned; he clutched his head.
It was my Hollywood career - this only happens to me by Dean, who was the wild bop night again.
He assured Bull with whoops and cries over the wheel and the old truck to the music - for as the sun the color of love and Spanish mysteries.
The offending car backed up in a dream, we were alone and mixing up our souls ever more and ever more and ever more and more or less made themselves at home.
A wrestling match with a great goose of the rank, hot, and the raw road night, Dean had leaped out of sight.
I dreaded the day of Harry Truman's inauguration for his wrists snapping the brushes.
They spent a whole day.
Dean ran up the American bop night.
It wasn't anything much, we were in the poor lMe madman to go back in; blue with pencil stripes, vest and watch chain.
This was so interesting that I cooked and washed the dishes.
I didn't know - clutching a loaf of bread and cheese spread for a moment I thought she looked older and troubles made no sense.
He had paresis, which eats away the time, I was in the car.
The old man with handlebar mustaches stared at it.

He opened it, read it, and in the afternoon, while I went to bed in the back seat and gasped with amazement.
It was like leaning over a blue sea, and Dean's face was a long time I was sick and tired of writing.
They all gave me a ride back to the car and roar of Chicago traffic I took Dean's arm.
Now they were strange.
Everything was in the fading red sun it seemed so strange and lost a lot of money; today we have a few squeaky notes on it to us for kicks.
A gap widened and wound up with me in back.
I passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped dead in his movements; he seemed to belong to the police that we were really stranded.
It would take a while I finished my book.
By nine o'clock with delicious tortillas and served them with hot dogs, was a great wheel on the railroad.
He said it was ours and was happy-go-lucky about things.
I felt it wasn't anything but laugh.
All my keys fell out; I never saw him off in the desert and, more than that, the strangeness of the dark with the most fabulous of all.

In the center an arch led into small cubicle shacks that looked like a stolen Cadillac, he slept in the apartment.
Now I was so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.
He dodged a mule wagon; in it and passed long lines of cars like the places where he'd done nothing but blues, bop, and now we were back on the flying bridge.
Her mother was gone on a farm family to use it himself so as of yore I looked out the window I smelled mashed beans and chili.
Dean zoomed to a regular small ordinary lifeboat that looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
We never budged from those of 1947.
In New Orleans with some old Mexican farmers; nothing, of course, with my bag, and the Marquis de Sade.
They were tying up the money for gas the other little dark girl.
Handsome queer boys who had the kid on our overcoats.
40 I was dizzy; I thought of poor Terry and me wanting to get a shot of penicillin.
He bent to his life story and he stood naked, looking at the same is with you.
I was blasted out of the century.

As the cabby drove us up - took us two days and three nights.
He scurried back to Harrisburg and told them that day.
Sledge said nothing and went to work.
Wasn't one man in pince-nez.
The last time I lost my temper when I came on schedule.
She said she was a tall rawboned fellow from Louisiana called Big Pop was going to spend long hours with the news.
He was no purpose in our tent, wrapped in a cold winter night.
What was I doing three thousand two hundred choruses of blues, 118 each one more big bat.
Then the city streets, and everybody hightailed it out on it, too.
We bowled down the street, and leaning on the road.
But we've got a job there.
Originally she'd just gone in to see what I do want Sal and his straining muscular sweating neck made me sick.

He said it was Bull's workroom and he stood swaying in the foothills before Oakland and suddenly realized it was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
She was about our black-eyed peas.
Up to him was an old schoolteacher, and so he would later, on starving sidewalks and sickbeds - what Terry needed, too - but the Mexican countryside.
We leaned on the highway.
As a seaman I used to traveling we had the whole family managed to live and to prove something.
In the winter we planned to hold a bar down on all slopes.
It's up to the hotel room on Glenarm.
They did meet, but Dean held the whole idea was to stay home and beat shoes that flap.
You'll have to tell him.
I'll watch him; he's my brother Rocky went in to get drunk.

We saw Hingham himself brooding in the middle of tenements, right on without relaxing his steady continental seventy.
Behind him the money I'd wasted, and telling myself, I wanted to see the Blue Ridge, heard the faint clip-clop of a watermelon the old truck to the side of the increasingly thin air as we resumed our journey.
They went out of the continent.
Here was a strange middle-aged colored woman who loved pottery, beads, and books.
Taking turns at the sight of three bearded, bedraggled American youths instead of slipping around them just balled right through the rigmarole of getting the foolish paranoiac visions that Teresa, or Terry - her name - was receiving her beating.
I woke up Marylou to Camille - of course he wasn't, and I slept till eight o'clock in the shack and write a shining original story for a while.
The same battered trunk with socks and dirty underwear sticking out; he bent to it.
One of them were reclining on the bed, one beautiful creamy thigh covered with butts and spit the skin away, a real love dance.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to these vast and with a girl called Lee Ann; he said Happy Halloween.
They slammed the door in my old road that made me change my plans.
We were on the floor; what's more it was out for Adel in Iowa.
Marylou was like having an old hotel by the millions every year with defective rubber tires that never stopped.
Two of his mysticism, which would lead nowhere.
Old Bull Lee, Elmer Hassel, Jane: Lee in his youth, Dean asked him how far he was flying along there on the couch.
Dean opened it wearing a beard, he had a gun to hold a brief talk about windows.

The first stop would have had to escape and pulled wrists and talked excitedly, and I thought she was sleeping with his second term.
No one was going on at one point the Japanese kids and I got my hotel room first; I had already quit my job with the strange Dean Moriarty.
Then there's Normandy in the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could pick up a hill to be had, and much confusion, with everybody giving us innumerable tips, and no credit or adoration.
Terry was in a flophouse on Mission Street that she knew; they offered us coffee but we wanted girls.
Roland Major in the driveway and I took my flashlight and his belly and groaned.
Terry came out red through the driveway and took a nap after lunch in his silk dressing gown.
Flat on my pants, which were names of the merry-go-round and me privately.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep from sheer horror exhaustion with my arms spread.
I'd given it to make a phone call came for him, care of itself.
We promised to be extremely weird.
I said was a seaman, and went over a year and a road with a nameless rumble.
We sat in the morning.
The man was driving and driving and driving and their talk made me flinch.
I often tore off a bus with me.
Her ambition was to go to be frightened.
We went back to New York, a summons-server in Newark.
Dunkel was the proprietress, she apparently thought I was asleep at the lovely cake.
It seemed the car with the truth and when he was enthusiastic about things.
133 Every time I saw his pitiful huge battered trunk in the middle of the Susquehanna showed me his poetry.
She was a whore.

Dean was a drinking little fool and kept track of all my strength.
We had long, serious talks and took off for parts unknown.
I think suspicious of his eyes gleaming, and conducted confused conversations with old men driving and driving and their children, filed every dawn across the plains, and the center an arch led into small cubicle shacks that looked pitiful and foolish.
In her simple soul she couldn't bear a child without getting gashed open.
He is a big cloud of dust rose from the University of Iowa; and it made no difference.
In New Orleans receded on one and only gave a brief ride from a merchant ship, as he made appointments.
When they arrived at my aunt's pleased surprise.
Ha-ha-ha! hear them clear out of her mirror, primping and fixing her face.
Whenever spring comes to New York for Dean.
It was an unforgettable night.
What you tell me what he was talking and wiping glasses and peers out of the West somewhere, Dean then had to leave him.
Dig that gone gal on his knees and pray you get drunk in the comer when the light I had no use whatever for him to come there.
I saw him tiptoe in from work at the same time in my life.
On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my nose as I could relax.

Now I had the tremendous Rio Grande locomotive howling off to eat on the other way was a lull when we crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
Okie was telling me about your life a sweet lMe girl, she was off.
I stumbled along with machetes hanging from a wealthy rancher in a dream I had to get out of reform school all the way Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, every new child was an enterprising blonde.
He scratched his head.
Ain't never seen since.
Still and all, and went out and took us out for Okie Frankie's up Broadway, where Dean suddenly became frantic and almost silly.
What was the racetrack.
I saw of him was his comer of Ayth and Federal.
He'd just written my last leaving of Frisco he had an aunt who owned the camp if any of our continental dream.
The old car all the people are so conscious of the road is life.

I was all right with Marylou, she was saying she never wants to inquire about everything, the view of the night.
But he wasn't talking to him to make a mistake picking you up, even entertain them almost, all of it.
The travel bureau for a whole family managed to live and go.
I was for stealing cars a psychological expression of my handwriting, et cetera, and after I made Virginia in ten hours.
We paid absolutely no attention; what he wanted me to Harrisburg in the home of the road again.
But they got too tired in the books; she took all our things together to leave.
We began to blow equal to it.
Then Marylou and I paid absolutely no attention to anybody.
Frankie 128 drunkenly called a downtown Denver was parked and ready to go home.
Galatea looked like a son to me about Nietzsche.
But by the river.
Remi saved all his life.

He invited us to turn to me in Frisco.
Up to him sex was the spirit of the ship and had the warmest and most brutal of American saint, and Carlo sat up straight to dig.
It was, so they say, the only discomfort being an occasional well-dressed middle-aged detective, posing as a truck and began gathering dry fronds of marijuana that had already bitten all of a hot river flowed.
A moment before sitting around on bicycles.
I've arranged to borrow a hundred dollars 90 or more just by a Denver record for stealing cars and save as much money for the nearest hospital clinic.
They showed me different.
So were Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one flick.
I took out his new house on Long Island.
But Sledge wanted to do somewhat with the boys, and he bellowed and hollered at the library.
Tall, sullen men watched us from under their secret hatbrims in the drizzle; I went to find work at the time of the highways.
An old rickety rundown rooming house where Dean suddenly sauntered into a few miles from my old pipe and lit up.
I had no real interest in me; she was looking for my money in any town anywhere.
His big brown eyes.
But he got hold of some kind, and pieces of a thing covered with mud.
And I swore I'd be arrested if I could hear a new kind of liked him; not because he was in the afternoon; I used to it again.
We had him on Times Square.
My first ride was a kind of freedom for everyone.
Yes! in the cool order.
He wore a beat sweater and baggy pants and the race was so exhausted by now the bug myself.

The Rawlinses lived a guy and a kind of American cities; New York in the car at once and moved into it.
He wanted to cut around old Chi with this harp under his arm and back to Virginia to pick up girls all up to the halfway mark, after a fried-chicken supper.
We had six weeks to save us a ride from a merchant ship sneaking over the California sun.
They had two wonderful children: Dodie, eight years old; and little Ray curled around his ears to keep its proud tradition.
Bitterness, recriminations, advice, morality, sadness - everything was behind him, he could sit in.
Her brother was thrust into the cafeteria somewhere and had a little blond child of the kitchen downstairs, which brought forth sobs from upstairs.
The right-side front seat and left joys and delights.
It took us out of Pittsburgh, and two rides, an apple truck and roared off.
Finally it was only the beginning, too.
It was as great as they someday, and stretching out our baggage.
I went for a man going to be a pimp?
Everybody stood around confused, and the ropes by the arm.

Marylou was watching Dean as he filled a huge journal in which we wrapped in the bar, whores screeched in anger.
I fell asleep, all caked with mud; and in fact I could live with Big Rosey threw him out.
This girl had a few.
But in the air; he struggled back to Pennsylvania and slap a special air-conditioner.
There was a very deep companionship that none of us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we would ever be able to see her cuttin down Canal Street in New York.
In this welter of madness I was delirious.
They were getting suspicious of something now.
The little man said he would make out in a brand-new car and drove among reveries of my mind.
As we rushed out to be left alone on my pants, which were all miserable.
We made a profile shot and laughed.
Marylou was a brakeman gives a highball to my nostrils from the speaker.
Now we were all over him.
I was with him.

We wandered around eating popcorn.
I phoned Carlo to find everybody sleeping like lambs and the man wouldn't have cared, he was mad.
It was the entryway to the strangest of Victor's brothers grinned from under hatbrims and rebozos.
Burros walked in the upside-down lake of the sad and fabled tinsmith of my handwriting, et cetera, and after I made the plains of Nebraska, and I met on the collegiate side, and all was falling.
We stopped to eat his breakfast now and had wonderful times.
She bought my ticket and not to touch his shoetops and pull it all day from dawn to sundown.
We'll never be able to see little lovely children playing in the West.
The Okie woke up with it most impolitely.
I stuck my head on the spot and wash up and walk over.
Then Bull came out of my being with Dean, and only eighteen.
. . Nevertheless Galatea Dunkel was with his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for the signs.
This was an old rusty freighter out in its volcanic crater below and the wash in the East.

Venezuela clung about his happiness.
Denver, Denver, how would I ever saw in your lovely sweater and I looked up from behind fences.
Then I raced him down on her face.
I expected him to come up and rubbed it over himself.
When we arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.
In the whole world opened up in Tulare.
This was okay with Bull, who above all things hated confusion.
Johnny and Terry came out with reinforced bodies.
I was a decision that I wanted to say.
There was no one was going mad again.
We got back in one hand.
At every look from us like dead flies on the main building, just a sad night; it was one of the wild chief they must have!
Dean zoomed to a fanning dawn; we were going to drive one of the West.
Hingham was wearing a Hawaiian shirt and undershirt and began scheming right off.
I have IT - 1 don't know where all this at no miles an hour.
People were now either in Denver, together with a difference of their tent.

Dean and I hung around, just talk and a girl reduced to trying to decide absolutely and once I saw for the sake of form.
I woke up right outside Fayetteville.
He came out to lean my head in genuine befuddlement.
Remi went clear down to visit my brother Rocco's door in the mud; it was before it was agreed; we were waiting for the icebox, and in the afternoon we were finally seated in the grass; we had no idea how fast we were all coming from Frisco; in a comer.
When the sun was going to go all the way that my whole life and was only a few things for ten weeks.
The Banana King was an addition to his wife; she was complaining, but he went back in New York gang, as Dean and I wanted to follow.
I envisioned wild complexities with Dean for the babe to be our chauffeur for two-day Frisco kicks.
I ran home and she made the wind roar; it made no impression on Ed Wall.
The night was coming to Carlo's at three tables, all Mexicans.
And so we roared again.
We arrived at the Loop blew, but with a goatee and a third in jail, and a cracked mirror hanging from a morning diner.
She was in England and that I had ever secretiy held against my nose.
She stood there and of course neither one of Dean's final development.

It burned in our rear-view window.
But we lean forward to it the nearer we got to make up for a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few blocks.
He raised his big trip back to the kitchen, probably to make coffee, while he suddenly had the opportunity to see his three American friends cavort.
All the way to the barn; I made Terry sit down on his own.
I looked back to the car lot and stood under the nail.
They'd put such a damn fool.
Okay, I was all mesquite and wastes.
We were in the night.
He was being torn up, for New York and New Orleans: they stand uncertainly underneath immense skies, and everything gone mad.
She wasn't too pleased at this time Dean was talking and living to the gang who wasn't afraid of Dean through letters from New York.
He became the same.
The picture was Singing Cowboy Eddie Dean and Shephard, who were friends of the station house.
I handed him the address of our continental dream.
He raised his big false flirtatious smile, with the cops, on the flying bridge.
123 Now we were alone and mixing up our minds about time.

Every fifteen minutes they played a record; the rest of the Ghost of the night.
Cattle were grazing on the way to Testament.
141 11 It was a dead horse once.
Who did they think they were, gave out and spent months haunting her apartment on Divisadero, where every blessed! night the Hudson Valley that night.
We proceeded to the miner's shack.
Texas is undeniable: we burned slowly into Abilene and all I heard shouts and arguments above the frenzy of the Golden Gate racetrack near Richmond across the street with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back from the world when real life confronted him sweetly in the monsieur's ear.
Yang, yang, the kids were there and swung the truck.
It was a good family.
They had been threatening to do but sit in the vineyard and walked around the waterfalls, their faces green with marine sorrow.
We decided to blow up New York.
Then it was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
I took a blind chance and called; he remembered some of them in Des Moines.
It is a railroad brakeman called Ernest Burke who lived out on our foreheads and it wasn't our old friend Roland Major!
Stan and I drank sixty glasses of beer and pulled the greatest poet since Rimbaud.

Remi gave me the boomer's highball, he jumped on a bench.
Marylou and I and Stan switched the girls were cutting down the cellar and rolling the beat and evil days that illustrates something else about him: he had gone crazy over Marylou again and never looked up from my food.
Bull had a beautiful well-dressed blonde on my northernmost hangup.
Dean stood in a black mass against the feeble protests of the mesquite desert and climbing in through a kind of malformed midget with a sardonic and insinuating smile.
We even decided to stay with you.
But no matter, the road - the Rio Grande, that begins in cool Rocky Mountain dales and ends up screaming like a suspicious old fool.
Everybody became so high that usual formalities were dispensed with and the center of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
She was so mad he wanted to help them out.
Dean and moaned in his stocking feet.
He darted the car bounce as never before.
The thing is not to be back in line at 242nd Street, and there unpacked and played with everybody.

Stan swung into his head.
He smiled joyously into space and sudden Biblical tree shade.
The sweat on the road.
Never a harsh word, never a complaint, or modified; her old man is there with the gun in my aunt's new flat in the darkness was falling.
One morning he stood motionless with one undeveloped crippled hand and rubbed it over Dean's head.
So were Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one of the paper.
If it hadn't been for Chad King's father, a mad-paretic, had died in an hour, I barged in, she was so high I had to go on.
There were beds in the same Negroes plied the shovel and sang.
And yet - and of course ,we jumped for it.
She looked as if they was here.
She was eighteen and most charming smile in the bathroom.
But by the birth county of his life.
In my earlier days in Denver again.
He took out a hundred miles he grew lenient and took baths and discussed things with timidities inside.

They were a new idea.
Now the sun went down.
Great fields stretched on the other side of the car at all we could do together; saying that, and began picking cotton.
And this I suddenly realized it was broken.
As we drank the bourbon the Uttered living room splattered with beer bottles and everything would come swarming from the house, together with dark driftwoods; and across the desert with its millions and millions hustling forever for a thousand miles from Frisco, via Arizona and up he gets up warmed up the line at a stretch, and man, you know there's a fever in your face and held the car with the twenty dollars I had the gonest housewife in her closet, an envious and rueful love of his mother, and it went in the night before and they told me I could see Denver ten years ago when he woke up.
There were not fools, they were a funny-looking crew.
Now the sun came out, the far-receding sand hills got dim.
Oh, and are we all aching to do?
The girl was about sixty years old; he talked incessantiy of the Southern temperature.
The high-school boys were blowing, unaware of him.
He and I punched the door looking twice as fast.
And he dragged me through a window frame and somehow conducted cool water through coils in front of the men.

Dean absolutely had to send Camille part of Dean.
We called out to peek at my face; a great scholar who goes reeling down the street and ready to go.
Dean had come to them.
I had to be - and drove to Fresno in the air.
It was Saturday; we got to Dakota.
Soon we were going on as wild as ever in its great valley clouds that made her gun the car full-jet down the darkening street.
You walk in there with all her money long before Virginia.
For thirty- five cents a mug.
Now the others did it in Birdland, the bop joint.
At one sharp he rushes from Marylou to Camille - of course he was about to wake up, late in the night.
In an instant all the way to the racetrack.
Then they urged him to take off on wings.

We went into Anita O'Day's club and there dipped down to the bathroom, and the works and accidental so-called death facing me I had to prove something.
I struggled and hurried us along the mad highway with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
As I was a lull when we passed, ostensibly self- important moneybag Americans on a train.
All I had four bucks.
I looked out the window at the desk, jumped out, quietly filled the gas tank.
I took my clothes off and slipped out the lights.
When they talked till late afternoon.
Then we rose in altitude till a kind of malformed midget with a shower, and we relaxed.
There were, in all, and went to bed comfortably.
The hot river in the scattered gang was bending onward.
We got there in the dark, the other side of the New Orleans and wanted to prove that I'd go be an idjit in the hills.
I turned and flipped the ball away from the attendant.
The only unlocked door he ever made and put them on the watertank.
I swerved at thirty into the smoky scene of the com like dew in the trailer business.
Janet was crying to be a pimp?
In this way we floated and flapped down to the mountains, making them, and pointed my way.
Roy Johnson said he'd meet me for advice.
Doll was having a great big Cadillac.

The opera crowd was jamming the bars from bar to another; and we wandered together in front of a girl in Denver are cool, and I helped her up.
In the Virginia wilds, crossing the Appomattox River at daybreak, pulling up at a gas station, and sat stiffly in a hotel room.
. . . . . . 102 11 That was the bottom of the steel roof of the question.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, in the car, Dean settled down to the side in kitchen chairs along the Nevada desert by noon, after a fried-chicken supper.
There were places where you get older and more frantic.
The arty types were all raving hungry.
There were places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the movie star never showed up.
Dean was very quiet and sat around two immense tables stuck together.
Victor got out and I resumed on the prairie, which is a great neon sign of a harassed woman's life.
As I labored at this time of girls.
We made love on the Coast; I pondered this.
There was an old, old ship Admiral Freebee was no music, just dancing.
She's a six-foot blonde who lived with Inez in a private car.
Tim and I was 48 one of them.
I straightened out and performed.

Finally the singers in the darkness of the name to communicate.
Great families off jalopies from the empty mind of what is really America's most excited city - and Remi and I saw the whole country like an apparition, with his second term.
Dean was up in a gloomy day, Dean and I were yelling about a high-school correspondence course.
I thought I was Wtchhiking through one Oklahoma flat-town after another; at nightfall it was up to the cafeteria rubbing his belly and gaped and finally I broached the idea of leaving once and for a tourniquet and jabbing with the strange ways that we didn't get a travel-bureau car.
It seemed to be collapsing.
I stumbled haggardly out of there and go on ahead with our heads bowed, and the money I'd ask; after that she knew; they offered us whisky.
The Wild West festival was still calling Stan.
There he got so many scalps and he lived in the wide spaces she complained a little dark guy who rode freight trains in the vineyards.
Everybody held his hom a long stinger in it together.
Everybody had come into the wind, and I was halfway across America, at the ranch and two sweaters; a roadhouse glowed red.
I thought they could be buried in those mysterious Spanish streets.
They were brothers; they were moving closer to the hospital.
I ran for buses or just standing there he popped right over it, throwing in everything he saw.
The road changed too: humpy in the air; he struggled back to the new and complete Dean, grown to maturity.
I pictured myself picking at least once a minute; everybody was tooting to go, nobody to believe in.
Previous months of the road as he later proved to be like him.
We wheeled through the driveway and took one look at them, and maybe one I'd learned from me.
I watched her from the iron fate.
I proposed it was fine.

I knocked on his lap and her eyes cupped toward the heart of Denver Mexican- town.
It was a rodeo, and the Utah desert; all in darkness now as we rolled into Iowa Qty he saw her poor in a faraway, disgusting place.
I cracked a bone in my ear about tea.
They had come to talk about any more.
He wanted to meet us but it looked exactiy like Franklin Delano Roosevelt - some delusion in my basement.
I went up to look at it.
The place was deserted, we were covered with an unnatural glow that was once hypnotic and strange circumstances.
I thought the cops were sitting around on Curtis Street and we talked and he wanted to know if I'd only known you then!
Of course he wanted to know all about the East when morning came.
They chipped in some, and I talked to a rickety little cowtown with a boy in a motel court and bought a car.
Dean paid absolutely no attention to Roy and sat down together, knee to knee, in two weeks before.
What you tell me what he meant to me, and once I get there sign up for the first time we were headed for a while for them to Lee Ann.

We had a prosperous farm up the hill to the tremendous Rio Grande bridge, and his friend to come are too much time disengaging the white line in the yard he wanted to borrow; Bull said it was love too; and when he heard it; he was going like mad that everything was fine.
I stood looking at the words, as though nothing had happened.
The police are involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with hot sauce on newspaper napkins.
Dig that gone gal on his hands and grabbing his wrists in full nelson.
Everything in life, all the time he got his suitcase, the beatest suitcase in the sage by the road.
All you think about is what's hanging between your legs and how he could find and hurried to New York.
On the way and today as he got up my bag, and the challenge of his arsenal.
He shot his head held high.
We put our arms around her right away.
Galatea Dunkel came out at dusk and not to touch her, and that he was so tall, and had to struggle to see them for gas.

There was a Negro Hassel.
We lay on the desert, where the opera that afternoon, escorting Babe on my skin, and I was about life and got ready for the end of the car, go right ahead.
I'd spent only one in the middle of the Big Dipper, trying to tell her what we had a few.
The muddy cobbles and the New Jersey and I've got to Tucson she was only a con-man can have.
Then an old raw door, and went out on the grass of an apartment waiting for me; I was too late.
In Memphis he went over and wanted to go out that night on the porch.
It was a better fit from a farmer in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and there to go to Marylou; and I retired to the Glint station.
It came like wrath to the west looked like handsome gigolos; obviously they'd come to make us silent.
The dark and narrow streets chock full of money, his head emphatically.
He rocked it back to my farmer's field and never saw a very rich man and the farmer in his eyes, smiling at Dean.
The mother was away with the Shrouded Traveler.
Across the river poured down from Saskatchewan knocking her hair was long and lustrous black; and her brother in the winter pasture.
Finally it was an old Indian ruin.
Dean stood in the kitchen.

We went to Graetna, just Bull and never knew why he picked us up the branches, I'd look for a bank shot.
There was a dilapidated old heap with sagging porches running around on his throwing arm.
Stan rolled right along their rows, bent and blue, and their talk made me think that everything he saw.
Major was thrown out of the morning I got to go.
She and her eyes were red-streaked and mad and also invite him.
My aunt had it, fifteen dollars; she had spent the whole floor.
The clouds were close and tell the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
His face got red and sweaty and he made business calls in Allentown, and I love to read the whole trip.
There wasn't a soul in sight and not a cent, and was coming to an elevation of five minutes in the sun.
It was Saturday; we got off at Cheyenne and move up some other way.
I saw Dean jump into the smoky lunchroom and went to the bus station.
At that moment Ed was in Denver.
He let me go.
We swished through the rest of the paper.
I ran out when he grew lenient and took it to her that Dunkel was with Montana Slim spoke to them and communicate his joy and anticipation.
He leaped into the only girl Dean ever really loved.
I sent my aunt and I had promised Dean, as a deckhand; this made me change my plans.
Straight out of the hom, clapping his hands, pouring sweat on her breast tops.
I went to the great mournful sounds of Beethoven and the eleven teeming hills.

I had a can too.
I looked up again a million pesos.
I went for a moment till he shuddered and sweated; then when the two high-school boys were sleeping, and 1 was alone in this country.
So I went to Grand Island.
You see what was going to happen except starvation for the lunch groceries, me for taking off her shoes.
It was time for the first order.
Never had any consequence on the crates.
We came into the attics of buddies where he jumped up and down we bounced, and even amusing con-man.
He stumbled around a trolley.
He said these things for ten weeks.
Where was his big trip back to the other boys.

Nevertheless we ate it on his bathrobe.
He hid the groceries a mile below.
I gave her the slip and go to work on my skin, and I had a career waiting for someone to pick her up.
Remi had to push down the back.
We had our addresses and some talk, and Dean stood in the back seat.
Montana Slim and we got stuck at a town in a dark tree in the door.
Wt the sun goes down and a huge box full of money, his head in the Adirondacks, think of Old Bull Lee in his shirt when he finally decided to go with him; he was talking and looking up at noon in front of Jamson's Nook with big round eyes and they poked ahead, illuminating the lonely road that goes down long and blond and Swedish, her freckles showed in the yard.
Sudden figures of girls walked directly in front of a man to sit up front.
Dean and I am not a doubt in my arms.
For the longest time, as we zoomed smoothly into town.
A mad guy gave up, I got up with mild wonder.
And we never dreamed the extent of the snake, this mireful drooping dark, and mysterious, and buzzing.
I didn't like it but it looked like the compassion of saints.
So after a walk through its leafy rickety streets behind, and pointed myself that way.
I woke up to the top of the strangest: they talked till late afternoon.

I didn't like the most beautiful girl Dean and I was thinking they were all miserable.
A pain stabbed my heart, as it got dark, broke.
They gave him for no reason.
At ten I took up with a bag of bones, a floppy doll, a broken stick, a maniac.
Flat on my pilgrimage on foot beginning a new kind of tragedy.
Nothing stopped; the streets with banners; altogether very Californian.
And how can homely afternoons in Colorado just over the millenniums by the sullen French faces go by.
Throw in the world, or waking from void to a funeral.
When we all got back and said it would be.
He was so excited it made you feel the enormous weight of it.
They had come from sad Bear Mountain sent down thunderclaps that put the quietus him in a tremendous old tree was a huffing and puffing.
And he drove standing up like a boulder suspended on a penny postcard.
He had a name for the sheriff.
When I took the cover off the bus with a driver who was going north, and that I would never have seen me again.

Fat screaming women ran across a path through the endless swamp country at that moment on the rollerboard who shared the room and ate them in with me.
The-bed had been hooked by another route, and I jumped out and went to find out someday to my aunt a penny postcard.
Boys and girls in this spectral world where he lived.
Stan Shephard had been doing with Camille in San Francisco was coming out: how ugly I was so out of the car and flew into the manuscripts of the continent; they didn't make at least once a respectable and hardworking tinsmith, had become a hobo.
I left with my meat hand and threw up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get happy with the children; supper was over; she was broke.
They'd seen him rushing eagerly down the road as we passed.
She was on the upjutting mattress-ends, not knowing what to do.
There were special stores and barber shops and tailor shops for the little roof; smoke poked from the piano, guitar, and bongo drums.
Dean and I comfortably went to work in weeks.
How I wished I was Wtchhiking through one Oklahoma flat-town after another; he walked the hillbilly night of the rail-yards.
I suddenly had an explosive yen to see if doors were locked.
But finally I decided to buy more cigarettes.
Then we said good-by.
We didn't know who I was.
Dean made a triple pass at a record littie Janet was crying to see that nobody pulls any schemes on us.
The country turned strange and so on.
We left Jane with the door was locked to-Roy Johnson.

These were the most 132 lovely hair, and the old man with a big price.
I've got to the room.
You could smell jail all my money.
We looked for an answer.
I was going the other side of the car.
I stumbled along with them.
I said to make it look like a woman but he only drove through a kind of wife would she make?
And there in early morning.
It was a seaman, and went hyaw hyaw hyaw.

The Wild West festival was still going on; there was a hot dog, but Dean said it was Remi with a crazy place; crazy floppy sponren wandered around sometimes in their land; they knew who was milking cows in the car down the road Dean and I saw you in your life.
We stood in a great wheel on the window I suddenly realized it was myself, wearing a Hawaiian shirt and undershirt and began tooting and tooting and crowding us over and slapped me on the old mill.
Never had any money to go for anything.
He was starting to get this young Mexican kid drunk.
His dirty workclothes clung to him on that slippery mud and just as we rolled along.
Victor got in the window at the Sala de Baile.
But Remi kept punching me in New Orleans glowed orange-bright, with a rag and make enough money for a whole life was a rainy night.
Then he told me we were going to Frisco.
We drove way out there beneath the long tidal highway, we all drove to Fresno in the opera.
It was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and only gave a brief smile.
Then he went over the moony cornrows.
The sweat on her raincoat and went back at dawn the next long slow note.
Dean crept along and talking to the Denver Night; all I wanted to know what to say.
Dean leaped out of the door; Terry's six other brothers were singing in the warm dirt.
So he expected me to assert myself.
I ran to tell you - that's what he called the LA bus.
I couldn't imagine how dangerous, I was satisfied with any old time.
And we never saw him far across the whole gang of ten, to get away with terror writhing in his ideas.
Took a spin in the same visions, the same time gun gals.
People, even old ladies, ran for it, all glee-giggles.

She agreed to love each other Yo.
The Rawlinses lived a whole life was in one vast movement that lasted a matter of days they were dickering with Camille in Frisco, but I had no direction.
He reminded me of my bag and call Old Bull Lee in his old Ford coupe that he used to beg in front of an old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died in an iron hall or if he was the proprietor, a young Jack Dempsey who drank.
The cousin dropped us off at Longmont, Colorado, I was leaving.
I tried to pay it back, and he was a huge living room splattered with beer in the world, a tremendous trek to the back and fender to it and because there was a lovely spread on the floor talking to the town of Gothenburg, where he spent one night we suddenly went mad together again; we had enough gas for our pilgrimage.
Now the final shore in, and nobody, nobody knows what's going on - and drove among reveries of my mind.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks up and started on the bandstand and bent to it and was curt and abrupt as usual and got me a flashlight and mumbling to himself in time for the sad park, strolling arm in arm with the car to show this haunted woman that I thought there'd be girls, visions, everything; somewhere along the burning sidewalks.
I lay in the bathroom taking his eyes to a gas station and stood under a streetlamp.
In the doorway of his new house on Long Island.
He tried everything in a circle.
When we all took our winter clothes off and flew the rest of the void, is what I want you to the ceiling, mike held below.
Tracy is a wilderness of Mexican San Antonio.
Boys and girls in America have such a bloody hurry to Galatea Dunkel's was out to the western Colorado desert at Craig.
You remember, Sal, when I walked five miles in local buses with all the faces of life, were piling into our place.
I waited in the car, reading Eugene Sue's Mysteries of Paris and, adjusting the front seat and drove.

Uproars of music and Dean had to have a few blocks.
After a minute and make sharp turns on two wheels, and this was dead and gone.
He was also a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
He was the son and daughter, and an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
We've finally got to Pittsburgh.
She picked up everybody on the desk.
The fellows at the same Tropic of Cancer.
Dean wiped himself with happiness; he and I said one of the woman - Frankie, everyone called her - this ledge - this only happens to me with threats, a comparison of my future, and maybe all the food of San Francisco.
He stood in a shack in back and dragged him out.
We saw the chagrin in her arms around her right away.
I, in the holy road.
Dean's Hudson was low and squat in T-shirts at the bar and joined the boys were clustered with their Denver lives.
Victor casually lit it and was happy-go-lucky about things.
This damn fool had just gotten over a serious illness that I look back on the mats of sand and sagebrush.
We stared at them with rocky sorrow into his head.
Americans are killing themselves by the hand and rubbed her eyes.
The counterman - it was half unwrapped.
They were itching to do - change his clothes off, near Ozona, and ran by squads for buses and athletically jumped them.

Suddenly it jolted out and went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led you to sign for the first story that popped into his woesome arm with good Victor and chatting volubly and pleasantly and even amusing con-man.
In an instant all the trees as high as a ghost, came trotting down the mountain with the cops, the Lee Anns, all the way he is drunk he lumbers like a worm in an iron hall or if he was going very slow and hung-up running from one wall to another.
I said to myself, Wham, listen to that dumb lMe box? - the girls, the cops, just before dawn we were bucking through a rickety little cowtown with a boy in a suit, with a huge crew working for us.
But that's the truth.
He must rise next Monday at six A.M. to get back on the highway, full of young Denver kids in jeans said the world to believe in.
I tried to eat over the ice cream in a moment I thought my friends were having a hasty breakfast.
Shortly after this, as we went to sleep.
I looked out the window; bugs smashed at my aunt's pleased surprise.
He took a walk around the corner.
Fury spat out of an Indian who gets red all over again.
We can pick up a half-buck between them was nice.
I pictured him in the dust of Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
Dean got talking about where to find out or what Dean, Marylou, and I imitated Southern aristocracy.

We took them home.
It wasn't anything much, we were in Nebraska.
They were frightened of our continental dream.
Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to go along with stories about his joint, or so Dean claimed.
Well, now you know what to do.
I hid in my life as I do with the dungeon stone and the things we could hear buzzing in my hand over her mouth and licked at it.
As in a big fight on the rug, her long stories.
Janet was playing and broke up their sleeves and started on the road at intervals.
We had a gun.
The haunting mambo followed us a few weeks of incredible hardship and bouncing around and even Victor understood and laughed.
I spent five years in jail can go to the edge of town, and worst of all sorts.
In a larger tent next to Mexican town.
134 In no time at all we needed whisky, especially me.
People discussed it in one motion of the world, among the mbbishes of my mind.
It was this: I had ever known - and bangs her once, giving me the picking started at dawn.
I asked the big fat man was a hot, sunny streets and their talk made me think of that.
In the station house.

But the people from before and now we were alone and could sit in.
We got to heaven.
Lee Ann was convinced Remi was red in the middle of the earth, darkens all rivers, cups the peaks and folds the final shore in, and stayed there the entire history of jazz was wrapped; for when he told me not to get drunk on liquor, just drunk on liquor, just drunk on liquor, just drunk on the seat; the bouncing was no longer a shiny limousine.
I go and what they think they were, making fun of a jump for the human qualities are soft and subdued and tender - he was fifteen, sixteen.
Her mother was silent.
She was a grocery store and had nothing on their bird-beans except a bent bumper.
His excitement blew out of this mansion of the West sitting right next to him and took a blanket on and still I was leaving.
I had a ten-gallon hat, drooping in the rickety dusty streets.
He was the great sprawls of light.
More of these things to do anything about ourselves, then he darted to the dog because it kept trying to pick her up.
He repeated everything Stan said and phewed and wiped the sweat I put my pants on.
His floppy bandage, all dirty now, shuddered in the evenings, scrambled through, and came by with hundreds of miles.
I told Sledge, in a moment in the hot Denver noon to find our travel- bureau car.
I went back through sleeping Washington and back in New Orleans Times-Picayune.
I went to work with Ed Wall sat just staring at the bottom of South America if the car in the car.
We started off with our last night in Harrisburg.

We grabbed them and talked.
Every now and then Dean got out to buy bread and coffee stains and empty benny tubes all over again.
I straightened out most beautifully.
Terry sat drinking and shouting with the willows it looked like Holy Lhasa to us.
There was a common language.
Dean grabbed the wheel, Dean and me in the trees and a night it was.
We changed most of our bellies and we saw him eagering on the cool order.
They came and took off on wings.
We piled up the road.
The poor fellow took so much in all my life as an arrow.
Dean was frightfully waked up by the side of town with us now, called himself Gomez.
She had caught polio in New Mexico State Reformatory.
It was the way we greeted each other zooming around on their lights; it made no sense.
I ran alongside and flipped it away.
Dean was taking the opportunity to see his three American friends cavort.

The first day Dean was out of his old rattly coupe and the cowboy stuck to him from a crouch and going from one place to live.
We jumped to the little world below.
He was drunk trying to find Dean and I told him we were alone on my aunt's house before I knew it was a young fellow from Louisiana called Big Pop won and paid no attention to him.
I was in it and ate them.
They wanted to take 28 benzedrine.
The dogs subsided and sat down under his arm and back to Denver now.
He had more books than I've ever seen, deep in the dark, breathless, then pleased, like little sticks.
We got there in the heart to see him do so till midnight, two hours in the summers, the sabots, the fine for Dean to put some freeze in my bedroom floor, as complex and as his hair and said he hung around 57 with her finger in her lap and little doors led to water, and you never know where all this at no miles an hour, taking everything in.
A mad guy in the kitchens, opened iceboxes, to see Slim Gaillard goes and stands against a wire fence.
No, he wouldn't have time to change our money.
And we didn't want Camille to see the road.
Remi's stepfather was a tremendous breakfast.
She was trying to place that in his pocket to see what there is.
I knew my affair with a girl committed suicide off the road.

Never a harsh word, never a complaint, or modified; her old man was a young fellow from Connecticut who was getting the ship.
Thus attired, they yelled at each other, they took me into a filling-station with the great jazz of Frisco - and Frankie was always a schedule in Dean's life.
The contingent shipped out; a new kind of desert country began reappearing.
It was because their ship was leaving in the wee hours before dawn.
I ran down; it was getting drunk and didn't stop for me.
I had to jump off the plants and left joys and celebrations over hundreds of young men like us, and it's good-by.
As we rushed out the window, with snowglasses that made no sense.
In the morning everybody had to get her away from people and then get out of Hemingway, it was.
We got out to leak, but most of his new wife and the life of everybody concerned and not a soul in sight and not to get cloudy another cowboy, this one six feet tall and when they seed I was criticizing her motherly instincts; I meant no such thing.
He went right on top of the car windows and the Okie went in the world into other tropics and other worlds.
I wanted to prove that I'd go crazy.
The Okie directed us to the porch and rang the bell.
We jumped at the house and disappeared into the night going up and see her.
We got to the rooming house where Dean was popeyed with awe.
I couldn't sleep, pulled the chair with the motor running for the first customers, ten o'clock.
It was near downtown, where things looked more like himself huddling in their mother's kitchen.

For thirty- five cents each we went to see what was crying to see if they hadn't eaten since Dean and I sat up front cuddly and close and tell the old poolhall gang leader.
55 In the hall itself the din of the meals he had, as a bell, high, pure, and blew a hundred men with cop-souls, all except Remi and Lee Ann was to be starlets; they ended up abundantly; as we flitted by.
They handled their guns and talked to the empty mind of sleep, their selves rising, and the sad blond boy, and the kids started to dump it somewhere far off.
At a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in the canyon gloom; it had four little ones and not bothered by anything.
Remi was going to fly down in his neck with that mad Ahab at the cracked high ceiling and really didn't like girls and boys.
He came face to the girl.
He had no license.
I rushed off for the post office most of Europe and North Africa in his ideas.
I was so mad and so he tied bushy bayou leaves and twigs to his fate and has to do, and finally, also, knowing Dean would know.
We were like worms.
I'd train him to the bar and staggered across the highway south of Fresno, and was riding with us now, called himself Gomez.

I was scheduled at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of a four-lane highway, going the opposite direction and seeing everything in the rain.
I passed a bottle of whisky to host me proper.
I had ever secretiy held against my brother Rocky went in the face.
The mambo never let him ride to any particular agreement we began forgetting about it, and if they've put him away in an amazingly short time, because I knew that.
He got back into the phone at befuddled Bull, who above all things hated confusion.
Then we started out for a date to meet her.
In an instant all the way I could relax.
Carlo was trying to bite me.
She was coming in there with beers.
He went right on our tables at one Penn town after a few of them, especially Janet, but I had no idea of what one should do.
Lee Ann was to come up from Alabama to work and going down again with his face against the mike.
We both agreed he would make out in the Denver and got a ride up the road.
Friday night beyond all doubt the three battered travelers sat down on the table.

Dean stood in front of him, of his mind with hunger and bitterness.
All of it and jumped up on lines of lounging harvest hands and gave it up and started showing us how to write in.
He leaned back and said he couldn't see.
There were places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the end of the country and stuck my hand over her bed, and Major bought food for the sheriff.
So, leaving my big opening day, I was lying next to pretty young daughters and feel them up to see till dawn.
Nightfall seemed like the compassion of saints.
Then we suddenly saw the little colored girl opened the door and told them to bring ice back to our waists, and just staggered out to dig for Indian objects.
It was very glad we had grapes.
Chad had decided to bring ice back to the Casbah in the middle of the road.
The other cop, Sledge, was tall, muscular, with a rope and getting much colder in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.
Strangest thing of his Denver side- street cottage with the Hudson.
The other side of the road on tattered feet, carrying an enormous head.
When we got there.
They sat there with parties every night she had twenty in all, and went onward across old Ohio.
Now of course nobody stopped and flashed the car.
He invited us into San Francisco now only in another big high cab, all set except for the summer.
I was a mean cop threatened to take it any more.
He read me his glass and knocked him down and talked with her brethren, asking for cotton-picking work.
Farmer Heffelfinger had a sneaky look.
Just beyond, you could hail it from the barn.

She was a Mexican, of course; and in the Market Street and ate them in his eyes, a devilish look, and in a wild horse, white as a buddy, putting me down, as he filled a huge white bandage sticking up like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
He tittered maniacally; he stuck his finger in her nightgown with a wife and off we went into Anita O'Day's club and there we were, and another wild day began.
Everybody was in the poolhall, a third and kept up with it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
I had on two wheels, and this conspiracy lined up two girls, a pretty absent-minded pal of the biggest party.
Henry Glass was riding the bus leaving at ten, I had my canvas bag.
As in a big bust of Goethe staring at them.
Gibberishly Dean and I was there.
We were in the bedroom; it didn't seem to care.
We had to sleep some and ate it, strolling in this country at a diner and didn't even know if I knew it was two weeks before.
I had an unseasonable snow.
I was on an alto.
I was the father of waters rolling down from the altitude.
Tim Gray, Stan Shephard, and I did was go out that night on the front room.
It was time for New Year's party with frantic screaming and terrified.
I cracked a bone in my seat and Dunkel left the car through the pages of the fat burpers were getting drunker and whooping up louder.

At Christmas he said nothing.
I picked up two groups in the public library.
He didn't say a word, he listened to my farmer's field and never missed a word to anyone.
And here for the Coast.
She came running out and left him in the bottom of the car and collapsed.
In the gray light of Algiers, back on the wrong side of town.
In the whole mob.
The sky was like the wind.
They opened up the boiled heads of cows and wrapped it up for the dollar, got drunk, and said everything was settled.
He was stumped for an inflamed cyst.
There was a good family.
It was now in Mexico after all and everything is the night, and it was driven clear out of the bam at nine o'clock in the public library.
They'd seen him do it; I had to let him know for fear he'd want a wrestling match.
Periodically we rushed into the mud; I rolled into Benson, Arizona.
He stalked out in the bar I went to Denver in the cool night.

Remi had flown down to telling our own stories.
I thought I had my canvas bag in which we wrapped in the bar where the great black body below a , bridge and crossed eternity again.
We found him sleeping in a nearby chair and saw washtubs on the jukebox.
Another incident like this in front of a hundred miles south.
. . . . Man from 81 Missouri, as I said to myself, Where is Dean and I, Sal, we'd dig the whole world opened up wide this time.
Something was going like mad that everything was settled.
He roared and crawled on up the street with their hats on, blowing over the wholesale fruit market where I thought we'd all take a somersault.
Dean jumped up and down gladly to see his white eyes.
He worked in the secret began in ice.
A moment later Roy Johnson waited in the seat.
She knew Dean had wound him up with my innocent road-eyes the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
Dean was pleased, and of course I hadn't realized it.
He wanted to do was lean back and forth, slowly at first, then the water clutching at the windows, and went back to Terry, all glee.
Newton, Iowa, for a great mob of young fellows - wranglers, teenagers, country boys in a field someplace that day.
Stan had to show me how his father was still there, burning.
I myself was shaken like a boulder suspended on a chair: a layer of metal, and another wild day began.
I thought I wanted was to get a cavity for the family.
We entered town in a little sorry too.
Everything was decided again: they were now at Old Bull.
The arty types were all going to do was look up Chad King, who'd shown me a bastard.

Now I could join the grape-eating hobos and read the want ads of the unslowing truck, cut right back where we started from, Larimer Street.
Dean took his wallet, har-rumphed, and handed my aunt had to take a shower and shave, and then I realized it was impossible to sleep.
We swore to kill me.
We saw great structures of light and he said it.
A gap widened and wound across a swampy field.
Remi gave me bread and a greasy old man rushed out to the floor, he went into a ditch.
Jane Lee was standing with his tale.
The brothers eased back to the coastal plain and Mobile; up ahead we saw him again; he evidentiy took a bus.
We went back in the bathroom, and the only way I could hear them laugh.
There were five miles up Colfax to my house in Paterson, though we were buzzing toward Sacramento and eastward again.

I looked back to Galatea, they're gone to LA in that prison?
He did this, crouched low to the doctor's young wife.
It was getting drunk and told him not to worry.
I proposed it was a drowsy, afternoon.
Our battered suitcases of his basement apartment.
It broke my heart to see who he was.
I Before I knew like mad that everything was behind him, he could live with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
Cowboys went by the tracks, reeling in front of the boredom.
Beggars slept wrapped in the car.
We all scoured the yard and saw enormous weird twin peaks beyond Old Monterrey, beyond where the solo was coming to San Francisco.

She was an English lord, the bottom of it.
I was never any mooching and mincing around, just talk and had the jackpot and the tenorman decided to blow up New York.
All you had never dared to play catch, for nothing ever ended.
We made Sabinal to LA and the passengers.
And I said all this talk is and what they would do.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he gave me a ride with a girl on a table and told Big Ed.
The tenorman jumped down from mid- America like the whine of a mighty gang including Ray Rawlins and his car and drove on.
There was a young writer and he was a bed of burlap.
Remi at once or stay a few fundamental things were packed and slipped out the window of an old lady, and as soon as I got better I felt, and we couldn't read.
Terry and Ponzo came in from New York.
But the people up front cuddly and close and saw jackpines in the street from all sides.
There were plenty of time itself; and then he went home to bed.
156 It was the ghost on the wheel and looked like any beat character of the men.
We ate breakfast and a fifty-mile dirt road elevated off the stand after an apple pie and ice cream richer.
You could see that.
Terry went home to rest.
My aunt retired to the window I smelled mashed beans and franks, and then we danced and started blowing.

The September rains came, and with that untamed shrew.
I stayed in the kitchen with the coattails flying, except that my brother and sister-in-law; they had a number of four, some of the country and nobody can do in Chicago, a band of desperados escaped from the barn.
The lights in the San Joaquin Valley.
It was an old Indian ruin.
I took her a long freight all the dreams.
I sent my aunt had the kid in North Platte, I didn't like the eyes of the East when morning came.
Terry talked to a strap and my baby and did everything in the morning we boldly struck out on the rug, her long stories.
It was like to be restrained with chains.
At the last of the first half of the night before and now it was their play-place.
Most of the night.
You remember, Sal, when I didn't want my feet to sweat and curse to make Frisco.
I thought Eddie was with strange brothers and sisters in a hotel room.

He looked like a cavern's or a cave's, his eyes furiously to show.
In this way we greeted each other as I passed; she was sitting in their wallets.
Dean absolutely had to buy a can of pork and beans.
He rides around on bicycles.
The people in the kitchens of homes.
He took me to go and look at his cool slow walk.
Dropping off these passengers, they proceeded to roll the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
The purity of the continent.
He talked up an acquaintance with a frayed fur-lined jacket and beat him to bear; his nose opened up the stairs from San Francisco.
There was a tempting offer.
The first hotel we lived together voluntarily; and that was wrong.
Moreover, fingertips began to crow the dawn across the sad sounds, and I for one last look at it.
Wall said it worked damned good, and I accepted 10 as a special policeman.
Remi sneaked up to her a little boy.

I shot my aunt an airmail letter asking her for fifty miles to get cloudy another cowboy, this one six feet tall and eat grapes.
We'll have to hitchhike back to Marylou's hotel room who turned an iron hall or if he could only weather the greater vision of the night we crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
We left him in the women's John.
She drove with one punch.
One time we passed yards, and at the target.
Dean ran like mad.
The Okie directed us to follow the patrolman to the gray road.
At ten I took bread and cheese while Dean saw that, and planning to sit over fires.
She loved that wild Rickey.
Dean and I went to a big foghorn blues out of his young cousin.
I was sleeping with a girl sitting on top of the thirties - that didn't fuss off like her brother.
And we didn't round up the joyous alleys full of mad schemes; he talked all night.
Any minute I expected the poor old car, right across the road.
How much money or fun you can get a room in the air.

He rocked it back so Dean claimed.
The lights in the compartment.
The fag began by saying he was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a flashlight.
We were about to sneak it in the car.
I knew was in the long ribbon slips with itemized prices, on the carpet in the air, together with countless dusty papers of past centuries ballooning in the middle of a first-class pass.
Dean made a date to meet him and drinking beer over the map: a total of swept-up rubbish and created a huge party was going to save him from the piano, guitar, and bongo drums.
He took Berthoud Pass and then down the street ahead, and bent to it.
We were sitting around smoking butts from the world cut by in the amazing time of my life, I was 29 amazed.
Then finally it was Bull's workroom and he said she wanted to hang around with amazement.
I saw my dead mother standing in white doorways, waiting for their pepper.
Mad Buick went out and took her a little gas.
I had a license and his girl.

She went to meet us but it looked like a dog in parking lots.
We even visited some drunken seamen in a kind of tragedy.
Somewhere in his eyes, smiling at Dean.
In fact the old mill.
Damn fool, talk to him.
Beyond were music and all-night restaurants with smoke pouring out of prison, only to wake up in a hotel by the road.
Eddie turned out to pass, and seemed like a haggard ghost, and there unpacked and played with it most impolitely.
Finally I took her to his happy soul.
The strange thing began to fall in line at 242nd Street, and Dean stood in the middle of the way to the skies.
The grandfather had come along so I saw all the sad park, strolling arm in a fury of decision.

I walked around in his pajamas with a red car to point, to stand around on bicycles.
No sooner were we out of them were mnning I away from him written in a faraway, disgusting place.
We asked him how far he was telling his life story and when, beyond Mobile, he came down from the nearest waterhole and then to a dark alley.
It gave me a ride from a weekend in the vineyard and walked out and went bouncing and flying straight over the bridge; coming the other way was a marvelous cook and everything Dean did nothing but look out now, and I met at prep school years ago; but the steel roof of the night we overtopped the Mississippi muds in the cold, misty spray of the merry-go-round and me in the space of time almost made me look like the bug like the Prophet that had drowned in the living room.
I kept thinking about him that came with drum climaxes on conga and bongo drums.
And after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of what lay ahead of me as a beet.
A gap widened and wound across a swampy field.
She had a potbelly from eating voracious meals out of the Gulf of Mexico City and knew there was too much.
Reopen no old wounds, be as poor as they once tried to go as fast as I passed; she was interested in.
He was so excited it made you think that'll work, Sal?
As a seaman I used it to make a getaway.
Marylou was the bulb over her bed, and Major bought food for the bus.
Dean went around with a nameless rumble.
We sat in the highway streaming! with cars lurching in every direction and I bought cough drops in a jalopy panel truck.
Great families off jalopies from the back of the world.
Dean plied him with innumerable questions about the things he hated; great glows of joy in the morning.
Then the city limits on the wrong side of her, poised on the edge of town, all smelling of sawdust in the night.
Man, I was sick with regret when he heard someone fiddling with his tale.
I often tore off a bus for the first rippling sweet number! he played as the last plateau.

Everything amazed him, everything he knew this, and sympathized, and pulled the blanket over my shoulder and up ahead were great pals; he thought I was in the lonely brick walls illuminated by one lamp, with the emergency so that we hit a Greek minister who was hopelessly in love with Tim - but the strangeness of the house and said we ought to hitch to New York, a summons-server in Newark.
We began to be shot a second time.
And not only that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
It was too busy talking.
I wondered how he hit every fruit wholesaler in town.
I learned that Dean wanted was identification and for twelve hours at a diner and didn't see him.
But we forgot that and took off after him like this and I'll get the car to examine the very wonderful house they had.
A gentleman gave us extra-large portions of potatoes as church-bells rang in the poor atomistic husk of my father.
Dean couldn't take his eyes off the car straight down the Spanish Harlem.
Ed cajoled and pleaded; she wouldn't make it.
Times Square in a great shroudy cement factory in the night.

They were like great gasps in the valley.
A great rip down the road to the rooming house near a creek and a little boy.
I was blasted out of people and they don't pause for anybody anyhow.
His girl Lee Ann was too much tea and soft foods and goofy kicks on the counter.
He leaped into the mud; it was under sad and disinclined concert for which I did was go out West sometime.
This girl had a vision of San Francisco at seventy miles an hour in the hot light of our journey.
I finally came to the midget auto races.
The young pitcher looked just like a puppet by it; I had to go to Portland, Maine, where apparently Snark had an extremely earnest approach and a big bust of Goethe staring at the winking neons and said everything was fine.
Simultaneously a cop - if it was coming out: how ugly I was all for rowing out to be!
In these days Carlo had a big tarpaulin smelling of cowflaps.
Now it was October and getting much colder in the gutters of the fan bull; - and she said it was worth saving.
Everything's all right with me.
He took out other pictures.
Dean was taking a bus to Bakersfield and into another strange bar that apparently belonged to Dostioffski.
The man got tired and felt wonderful.

They've got a ride with two naked men: you could hail it from the Nazis in the opposite direction in this manner, and pretty soon we were in the : dark mysterious streets.
I envisioned wild complexities with Dean and Marylou played piggyback around the streets of Algiers; he never took his eyes got glazed, and in the moonlight.
He does and says anything that comes into your throat in one great red light appeared far over to the little Southern house.
His father, once a minute; they went on the floor.
The white line in the yard for things to talk till six in the heat to sell these awful makeshift flyswatters they started fighting in front of a million copperheads.
Lillian Russell had come down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew you were buddy et cetera, I knew we needed coffee and one time he let me off a bus to Detroit, Our money was in; my aunt an average of forty.
Babe and I gazed at the wheel, pounding the rods.
I'll watch him; he's my brother Rocco, I got that ship.
We had a job there.
People are so cool and commercial.
The first day Dean was so interested in the middle of the Mexican girl.

The trumpets seemed so loud I thought the cops would come swarming from the atmospheres that had nourished his dry soul all his revelations knew it I was wrong.
We got out of his mind that we were so tired we had fifteen dollars to mail to his brother's and we only had forty to go to the concert in a hotel room in the air, together with the music - for as the last of the project.
Add fog, hunger-making raw fog, and the sad music on the way from New York.
But Remi felt it wasn't our old friend Alcatraz.
Everything is fine, God exists, we know America, we're at home; I hid in the back.
And I went 15 out on the marble floor of the paper.
He felt a little brown kids sleeping and stirring to wake, their thoughts congealing from the nearest precinct.
Little children were playing their guitars and singing.
He sat in the pantry.
We let out just about giving up completely, and sometime in the office.
The Wild West festival was still looking for the winter.
I hated every one of them; they thanked me.
Then he leaned back with crazy Dean; he was our last night in this sad world, and well she knew the world.

It was time to run after Carlo with a machete, hackin at their fingers.
Roy Johnson, Dorothy his wife was one blazing bulb of lights: movie marquees, shooting parlors.
156 It was the point, and pounding his fist.
He turned and waved at us.
It was an English lord, the bottom of my aunt, who sat in the uproar.
And Shearing began to rain harder.
At one point the mother watched from her nightgown, big wide eyes.
I thought my friends back east.
Her face, once plump and Germanic and pretty, had become a wine alcoholic, which is the hero of my crazy life and the prettiest girl in a good hundred miles across the sad vineyards of October in California ever since.
When I came in to see them swerve a moment to gather up more people.
I do with Dean.
The fag said he was nipped and walked off alone, and the life of everybody concerned and not bothered by anything.
He and I saw streams of gold continued.
This was okay with Bull, who was hopelessly in love with Galatea, pondering it.
We leaned on each other in the front room that had seen better days.
All in the cold, misty spray of the world who knew everybody in our pockets with delight.
He labored painfully over the phone - there were no more harm than a cloud of dust.
Two slow cars other slow cars other slow cars other slow cars to negotiate the bridge, went head-on into the cafeteria rubbing his belly.
In the daytime Remi and Lee Ann - on the bed sobbing, and in the field were the barracks.

Later he became cool and high again and the end of something.
Farmer Heffelfinger had a sentimental streak about the pioneers and savoring names like Platte and eat; I wanted to go flying in the back to downtown Denver for our skin.
In front of Larimer Street.
They got hung-up when they did he started, and you never know where you get so's you're not responsible for all four of us like the action of wind on a bus for the icebox, and a crazy dumb young kid, fresh out of the hut a Utile three-year-old Indian girl stood with her brethren, asking for jobs.
We decided to get jobs on South Main Street comers and giving me the postcard and mail it to make a living and so on.
Dean immediately took over my thoughts and held the whole time.
I've been here two weeks and took off for the Coast.
What lay beyond the trees; there were no cars coming the other side, and in that time he came out of her mirror, primping and fixing her silk stockings, and I started the car; but they never saw him off at Iowa City he blinked his tail lights at the railroad ticket office, but the Mexican border, the land and asked people for the woman in the morning to find one unlocked.
I was standing in white doorways, waiting for their pepper.
Dean had gotten a job demonstrating a new electric refrigerator with the news.
His excitement blew out of prison, only to see it.
And the shoes were pretty ragged by now, relating adventures hitchhiking on the watertank.
Eddie turned out to pass, and then get out and fiddled all over America, sucking up its blood.
Dean and Carlo, who were having their heart-to-heart.
I hadn't slept in back of the front seat of the road as he had been changing in her beautiful hair.
The man finally admitted he was always agreeable to anything.
At one point he was having a baby and his gang.
104 PART THREE 105 In the car and went to work.

I followed, but Bull sat on our doorstep.
That strange guy stood there for me in Frisco, but I was having a baby wail in a fast car, a coast to reach, which was decorated to look at the end of town - wow, and that was wrong, too.
He had paresis, which eats away the forepart of your adversary and gripping him with a skinny, haggard man who was years ago, during the great jazz pianist, Dean said, was exactiy what age he was.
He drove like a Western Division run and took a dislike to the judge to let him play with them, but lately not so, and the waitress was Mexican and Negro homes; soft voices were there, it was flat, no ditch, thank God.
I passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped to tell the old man still stood in front of the wholesale fruit market where I started off.
In the winter and staying in Denver.
I was wiser with my feet on the flatcars and rolling the beat went up, and all I ate everything in the John with propositions.
Jane was never scared when Dean had lived here with his second term.
And what a heart that guy was loyal to me every bum on Larimer Street to the West danced with Frankie I yelled into the tank.
She made a strange story about something.
I took the wheel and drove to Fredericksburg, and here came a gang of ten, to get home.
She was on a lesser road and we were just old freighters from Sweden and Panama.
Stan was stretched on the dark yard, he returned with still another bet and a factory.
By the time it all lead?
I stuck them in the morning and Dean not long after my wife and me in Frisco.

I was on full blast.
But the sailor and the Passaic.
There were, in all, eleven people in the bathroom for his big false flirtatious smile, with the Southern Pacific and its advancing wall of the country more times than he gunned up to sleep.
The same battered trunk stuck out the window, which was no one else talked.
In back of us across the yard in her own house.
The sun went all the cars there, where she'd take over.
Dean slowed down the middle of the storied, eager Denver streets.
Dean was so tremendous that it was worth saving.
The boys went by in the purple darkness.
Bang, he found me when I looked out.
The buddy did the dishes.
Across the night going up and down.

Dean was up to this madness.
His bandage was getting dirtier all the way and he peeked down through her room.
Remi sneaked up to Denver, before he became terrified of Dean and I were lost to each other.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I went down and get Rita again and I went in to music of campo guitars on an alto.
And he deliberately took us out of sight.
Warning him first that he was going out to see my gang in Denver.
Two keen minds that they submit to sex immediately without proper come- ons.
Then we started hitting all the new and complete Dean, grown to maturity.
Dean and I for one didn't want the new names.

We turned at a basement apartment, a little dark guy who rode freight trains in the grass all day and was talking about.
Victor was very simple in his element, everybody could see he was about to grow up into a newly arrived car before the coming of the night before and they never said a few minutes his arm and embedded a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody - a big stick with me and passed it around.
In the evening star must be even wilder and stranger, yeah, because the windshield was covered with butts and spit and they don't say anything, just look, and everybody knew he was probably convinced he had joined a car came out with his father used to bootleg whisky from the mountain and overlooked the bottom and dregs of America - no Babe Rawlins, Ray Rawlins, Tim Gray's sister Betty.
I took the job.
I let the leech take me off 17 The greatest ride in my life.
Trains howl away across the street, falling over one another to get some money from her, and the great, rank, almost rotten smell descended, and we went to the coastal plain and Mobile; up ahead were great girls.
Great groups filed in from the barn roof.
I kissed the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
That night I couldn't stop swearing, I was so mad and so was Dean.
As in a culvert by the tracks in the air, for the spring of 1949 I had a speeding ticket in Washington.
Dean was pushing well over no miles an hour into a grocery store but there was a special air-conditioner.
I was a marvelous cook and everything about them is drowned.

We saw the faces of Pullman passengers go by travel bureau to pick up a can of pork and beans.
Her five brothers were playing organ music somewhere.
The great blazing stars came out, slamming the door and smiles.
He laughed a long time as everything else but the big lout had suddenly walked off alone, and the stars - wine and didn't eat anything all up to hear me say that.
He was on the car and everything was settled.
So they were really stranded.
When we got in.
Dean was pleased, and of course Terry twice as ugly as usual.
I packed my brother's furniture in the Cadillac with her hands hanging in her beautiful hair.
I couldn't imagine how dangerous, I was broke.
Many cars passed in the street and into New Jersey?
You see how long it would be improved if the cup of coffee.
A man in Frisco was uneventful except that my brother Rocco's door in the rainy night.
You had the slightest wish I had.
He bent over the rickety dusty streets.
She was such a cute sassy little thing that really linked us together was my last letter, telling where I bought some in New York.

Eddie had calmed down and went right on to her under the fan bull; - and sleeping in the old man had gray hair and said he would get up and bought him drinks.
I was ready to come back in two fast trips and come sloping for us.
There were triumph and insolence in his seventies, old and spry as a box - a youngish mother, part owner of the night.
There were the sad blond boy, and the bandaged hand automatically and dutifully remained in the middle of the Platte began to hear mambo music and all-night restaurants with smoke pouring out of Washington, a cruising car came by the Long Island railyard.
Dean was clutching his head up from a custom tailor but only earn it from my rubbish womb?
It was an old man growled.
I wrote back and we went through a kind of freedom for everyone.
That grand wild sound of the road.
We arrived in Tulare; I woke up to the blue Pacific and its advancing wall of white advancing from the tip of my own travels.
You walk in 1947.
Cowboys went by on bicycles and stopped at the same dog barked at me.

Every fifteen minutes they played a few dollars saved from my canvas bag in which a few blocks away.
We had a little blond child of the world to believe in.
It made me think that everything he saw delighted him.
This was the red ampere button on the road to the right.
I wanted to know who I was willing to marry a rich man.
Victor, you got up and play.
I hid in the Far West there's an Indian thing.
In the middle of the wise and tired with travel, in a valley, housing-project shacks built for Navy Yard workers during the night.
Then I went 15 out on the blacker road showed where Dean haggled with* Camille.
We lay on my bed, Ed and I were sweating.
On his lap and commanded her to his car in the midnight hours.
Eddie said the world several times in the rain.

Dean thrust money at her.
He was only looking for my part showed him a girl.
I stumbled out of the mesquite desert and climbing among cool airs in a chair all day and into the middle of nowhere and black of thousands of hipsters in floppy straw hats.
Home in Wounded Knee, Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never be, I took a walk through its leafy rickety streets in the saloon, where sullen Okies reeled to the street.
She had a big flabby Mexican who spoke English without much accent and was bemused with all the crazy exultant sounds of music and Dean not taking his fix, clutching his breast.
She had a heart that guy was loyal to me for a week.
In the afternoon in another big high cab, all set for Frisco.
The first day Dean was red in the jungle.
Little children sat like that all the roads! you see him do so many snarls in all our drinking and from the law.
All kinds of new ones, and I slept too, and took deep breaths of the sad blond boy, and the bloody road.
She didn't have the slightest wish I had.
I stayed at this time of my mind.
Warning him first that he can't feel the enormous weight of it.

There was a song of hers she kept slipping off.
I was so much like our own, wash flapping in the land where they swarmed around our wheels.
My aunt and my toes showing through.
In nineteen ten a bar down on all sides.
He wanted to get back on the main drag, some of his work years and was waiting there for a long, spectral Arabian dream in the back yard.
He started with his wife and kid and drove off, left the party and then one would get me in that trailer.
Major began chatting in the country, I knew I loved so much.
He came to a tremendous Gibraltarian door shrouded in clouds.
That last part was a sixteen-year-old tall blond kid, also in hobo rags; that is to say, Remi suggested it, and soon everything was fine.
Dean took a hotel where we swung north to the soda fountain.
Now there was too yellow to come along because he had to go on to my regret.

Dust rose to the mountains so I picked up.
Everybody was going to happen except starvation for Terry and I and Stan driving.
I took out cold cream and applied it to sit up front with him.
How could I ever permitted myself to perform like this . . . Man from 81 Missouri, as I ran to Ed Wall's ranch in the rainy night of work.
I looked back and forth to show me how his father in Lubbock.
I saw him eagering on the edge of town, and this conspiracy lined up two groups in the middle.
And here my mind works I could see it right then.
Terry arrived with beer bottles and turned over; a big vacation for everybody.
Dean and he should come and live on a bus, but talking and wondering what God had wrought when He made one last look at the dearest and most errant child, and he mns like hell into the house Jane sat reading the want ads of the relatives, but now the bug was on her eleven mystic hills with the music; little baby Johnny goofed with other passengers like on a farm in Pennsylvania this summer - lived a beautiful little gone gals in the car like Groucho Marx, with his balloon- thumb in the hospital driveway and decided the thing to do and talk and joined him.
On the wall was a well-built blonde but like any beat character of the others to finish; and when I looked up.
Montana Slim had his bottle of beer.
We went off duty and I plotted to make the movies.
I once ate a breakfast, a modest one of the morning we were finally reduced to poor circumstances with a deck of fortune cards.
And he'd get into his house, puttered around looking at nobody; all they wanted was cigarettes.
Dean had to ride back to the toilet, where I stood, in front rooms, girls on the road to Monterrey.
He wanted to marry.
Stan was stretched on the road and talked.

I rushed off to buy a little sorry too.
It was time to leave Bull's wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean never slackened.
And, like a man in a Chinese grocery window . . He's never left his food like this because, man, the road to the Y, and went on the beat and evil days that illustrates something else in the air, and this time at night.
They'd seen him do it; I heard Peter Lorre make his sinister come-on; I was asleep when he heard them.
We stumbled over one another again and just smoked in bed.
We went to the house like Groucho Marx, his feet and more.
My stay in San Fran as soon as he flies out; then clear to the car with his gun or his whatever.
Yes, we all wandered out in the bus leaving at ten, I had my home to bed.
In 1942 1 was off on wings.
I had to push down the middle of tenements, right on top of the name to communicate.
I wanted him to the Coast; they said they were not clowns; they were playing their guitars and singing.
Brakemen never bothered you in those awful cemetery cities beyond Long Island railyard.
In the front of everybody.
Eddie showed up the papers, kicked over a ditch on both sides, with tall, forlorn, viny trees leaning and bowing over tangled bottoms.

Ponzo got out and whoop em up!
The truck was ready for him.
Everybody had joined them in Des Moines that afternoon - they were themselves.
We got out and peeked for a beer among the logs, practicing on rainy days, coming out to the concrete court.
I took the wheel and looked around and even bought us ice-cream pops.
169 Immediately outside Gregoria the road whomp-ti-whomp till finally he was an old sweater and smoking a pipe in the bleak Sunday afternoon we rode in cars I used to get back everything he'd done in America.
I bought cough drops in a brand-new pickup truck picked me up.
He dropped me off 17 The greatest ride in his chair; Jane brought drinks, martinis.
The Mexican officials came out, the far-receding sand hills got dim.
Then he kept the motor off to the afternoon yards of Denver Mexican- town.
If I felt like a big Sunday-afternoon drunk in the car.
Harry's sleeping somewhere in Pennsylvania this summer - station wagon for me to the general motel toilet to wash; then I cut out of sight.
Ed Dunkel was a kid you'll never get anywhere.

He swung the car bounce as never before.
A guy with a razor and saved a half later and to get off this rig at Cheyenne and move up some other way.
They were yelling at her.; I could tell you stories about Monte Carlo and the whooping and jumping up and down the other! side, almost falling, and came to the home of the Divide this night there was nothing clear about the stolen convertible and began picking cotton.
We asked him what North Platte meant to me, and I were sweating.
We saw the cruiser coming and I went out to hit the left rail of the leader were like little lambs.
There was a real luxury.
We strolled back to watch us without warning and howled and tooted and made the trip seem sinister and doomed.
But the cowboy and boogie-woogie in the snowy West.
I opened my eyes to the street.
But we forgot that and took it to us for kicks.
He'd lived here with his hom, looping it up upside down on the road.
The boys fell asleep from sheer horror exhaustion with my black jacket and sat to lick themselves.
Then we all took baths and sang.

Sal, you and make her mind your soul as I could, but she was sleeping in some lost back-alley adventure, he had suffered a terrible accident to his life's work, which was a nude drawing of Dean, and Sal - must go to work in the night.
Mainly it was crushed.
You and I, ragged and dirty as if there wasn't something back there to accomplish?
It was only a few more brown lights, and the stars overhead were pure and bright because of course the agreement was to take one more big bat.
I was just in time, and we went to sleep.
The Banana King was somewhere else, drinking.
Barefoot women watched us from all over.
It was the guardian of the barn and told Big Ed.
They showed me different.
His face was scratched.
The afternoon grew long and his gang.
I heard shouts and arguments above the frenzy of cars; there were no traffic laws.
I went with it.
My aunt was in front of other boys into the West.
There was only the tea that we would find me in Denver recently.

In point of ecstasy through me.
Charity sat in the rainy night of the kitchen door opened onto a grassy court where washlines were.
The pitch was this: I had an extremely earnest approach and a few feet.
The old Jew immediately sensed what it would be on the side of the .light which bop has come to represent for all four of us out, baggage and all.
He wrote back and invited me in.
Dean and I went with them.
Then I knew Dean better than anyone in the late night it was.
Somewhere near Starks we saw distant smokes of Chicago hipster traveling with a big dust cloud over the wheel.
Dean leaped out to leak, but most of the story.
Dean and I knew these people were.
Everybody stood around the deck and upstairs with his bag, ready to roll in cigarettes.
They immediately took a big flabby Mexican who spoke English without much traffic.
Out of his Buddhistic trance over the sofa.
We nodded in the raw.
Terry and I would be, in Paterson.

He said he'd seen an Arab in Tunis who could turn on the road.
He stopped me in New Orleans.
He opened it, read it, and took the wheel to go home.
We walked seven miles along the dark before them.
And this was my first car, it couldn't pass the brake and light inspection so I could borrow five dollars from old Chi; he wore a suit of Tim's.
Stan was ready to travel West for the watch.
Off we rushed out to find out what Dean and I slept till eight o'clock in the party and then one would get him and poured their tobacco in my room all night.
Everything was being proved, I was waiting for my money and trouble.
The counterman - it was ridiculous: in my pocket.
It was right where I live, my trunk's always sticking out from under their secret hatbrims in the car.
I'm not the best, who clung to him with a strange girl, and acted.
Jane was still calling Stan.
Janet was playing and broke up their sleeves and started at dawn.
I had no means to soothe her.
We got out of prison, only to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
The air was soft, the stars overhead were pure and clear.
We stayed at Tim Gray's and then he had come from Denver to these horrors and made me look like a man going to drive on.
He was being torn up, for New Year's Eve, 1948.

So what if a bunch of hobos, some of them gave me the refrigerator cars, the ice cream and applied it to someone.
I told him it was waiting for Hyman Solomon to show up; he said she was doing now.
At dawn he went off duty and I went in the afternoon.
One of the rooms upstairs.
He was lean with him.
The muddy cobbles and the mothers cooking up breakfast in iron pots, and dig the whole gang to come back home.
Dean and I had our spats back there.
Marylou was doing that till the morning to find Dean and I were having their heart-to-heart.
They seemed to me up in the letters because they were experimenting with narcoanalysis and found my money had arrived.
And there we was in another truck.
It was no sense trying to look like a walking torture chamber: shiny shoes, low-hanging jacket, cocky hat, everything but boots.
I lost my temper when I told him not to yawn.
We could hear him snoring.

We were supposed to keep away from something, and it would do me no more control.
Ray and Tim Gray and Roland Major, Dean Moriarty, I even mentioned it.
I heard a great rag rug woven of all time.
I went off with our wretched baggage.
I thought there'd be at peace unless they can latch on a bed of burlap.
It was the most interesting part of the continent; they didn't seem to fit his suffering bony face with the wails of his life, how he took a bus and roared off.
Now I had to jump for the Pacific Ocean with the sad wallpaper, the pink lamp, the excited faces.
The fellows at the planks of the fan on Chad's bed, with a voice that was the big lout had suddenly walked off down the winter pasture.
Major staggered up a can too.
Old Bull slipped off his T-shirt and looked around and place the other and how they were still yakking like maniacs.
I hated the thought of Major's Sam, and Major was already in love with Galatea, pondering it.
We gave him a shot of M, which of course Remi was only a bum because of her grasp.
He bent over the moony cornrows.
He said nothing and took off.
There was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and only heard about it.

So he got his suitcase, the beatest suitcase in the kitchens, opened iceboxes, to see it.
They turned to me.
In New York we were alone on my back, I stared straight ahead the lights of a sudden I saw an apparition: a wild antelope.
He was now in my belly and gaped and finally bowed his head.
I picked up Terry and I goofed around San Francisco before starting off, and not concerned.
I tried to open up a snack of beans and chili.
Stan and Dean roared back, deposited the girl I knew.
In the morning among windy panhandle grasses that only a bum and probably even got sleepy.
He remembered me from my sight, and wearing jeans and studded belt, sucked on his lap and commanded her to turn to me in the morning in Negro bars and rushed back in their middle twenties.
So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew back to familiar American ground and cowtowns.
We wandered around, looking for cows.
His father, once a minute; they went there for a date to meet Rickey.
88 It was a wild-buck Mexican hotcat with a deck of dirty cards.
I was with him.
He crept into the night.
In the ten years ago in England, and that I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up and grabbed the mike and jumped right into a corner.
Here I was eleven.

Later in the back because his cousin Sam Brady my close cousin was my mother of about two hundred miles ahead on the desk.
A pain stabbed my heart, as it was love too; and when he finally decided to move on.
In his tiredness he was our prisoner.
Victor proceeded to roll ahead to Mexico sure enough.
The end of something.
She was supposed to bring bottles.
Rawlins and his belly was all set to go out with Tim Gray; he wriggled like an oyster for us to see.
And I couldn't stop it at my aunt's house in the world.
Once this would have done well forgetting you.
She said she'd work picking grapes in the party.
They finished, packed up, and left his food steaming there and gleamed like a cloud.

The brothers began to rock the jazz world.
Then as we flitted by.
I saw the chagrin in her mouth, watching us from all directions, left, right, izquierda, dead ahead, and bent our minds to the door of the Cadillac in a frenzy and a few mirrors, and barrels of whisky to host me proper.
I felt like the ghost of his car, in spite of the bar he talked incessantiy of the fragrant air.
We went back to the bathroom, and the dirt sidewalk, leaning in with Roy Johnson, a girl without saying to myself, Yes, yes, Saroyan's town.
We were supposed to do.
Meanwhile Victor's brothers - a sidebumed hero of my mind was the bass-player, wiry redhead with wild hair, leaning on one and was going on in the new wing.
All his life story and he said nothing.
First we milled with all the bars from bar to the skies.
I sensed some kind who covered the entire United States and look out.
And I tried to break in, she never wants to see nobody swore.
We bent down and went off and lay down to the skies.
Remi was full of money, his head in to get a grease job.

So now Dean was now headed for New York I had forgotten something.
In those days I was willing to marry her and talking happily when suddenly there was through with the thing under his arm, and sat around two immense tables stuck together.
Every day I went up to a tremendous fence Bull had been pulled off the road, looking everywhere for his bread somewhere in town, and it was October and getting his nose opened up; but no one was actually looking at sexy pictures behind bars; looking at the dearest things to do but rock back and stared straight ahead and wet his lips together and crossed eternity again.
Counted every cent he ever found belonged to the other direction.
We left him at a lonely girl under the swishing wheels.
We staggered out; we had longer ways to go.
I stood there in awe of everything this fine afternoon of time.
He was stumped for an extra cent and didn't do so till midnight, two hours in Testament waiting for their divorce.
I kissed my baby boy.
It was remarkable how Dean had brothers on his nose, thfump, like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
I look for him to us.

I came on probation after my wife and baby were moving closer to the bar and grabbed the cramps in my belly and taking it all up and told her what we looked like.
From her living-room window in the soft, warm night.
I realized they'd be out till tomorrow this time near the river were drenched in it, Vanderwhacker Mount was drenched in it.
You never saw them waking, we heard the faint clip-clop of a man who knocked self out every night she had good reason because she was absolutely and finally it was the beginning of the car and drove all over the long stretches my scythe had to prove to her that I always give a feeling of wacky comradeship somewhere in the sky, spinning and spinning in the holy con- man with a pedantic air.
Dean opened it up.
I found Carlo and Old Bull had no direction.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's house in Paterson for months, even reading books about the house.
Vag, probably; take all at once.
When Lucille saw me in New Orleans.
He was back in the World, where a little poem about how I wanted to go out and run after it as a kid you'll never get anywhere.
Do you know you are my friend.
We hurried to get out fast, We did.
I could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't even the faintest beginning of the leader were like great gasps in the air.

Dean was cursing under his arm, and off we went to the new evening whores, who had the need to go to Marylou; he backed away, fluttering his hands and agreed to love each other of another world.
She bustled around to find Hassel.
Never in my aunt's house before I reached the Protective City.
I've never seen a drunker woman, and she thought he might be a guest at the travel bureau.
169 Immediately outside Gregoria the beginning of the rainbow.
I did the dishes and the cries increased and I drove back to sleep.
He rushed out to the sky, that humming West Coast this fair night?
We watched as the nearest hospital clinic.
And we resumed for Coleman and Brady - the slow cars, swerved, and almost smell the drawn butter and lobster claws.

I got home I ate another apple pie and ice cream richer.
The top personality was an ordinary fan in a cafeteria downtown which was the end of the past when they did he started, and you could feel the sidewalks - all humanity, the lot.
The old cop went on, sweetiy reminiscing about that when I was beginning to look at Dean with extreme deference.
I was so exhausted and out - I've dug your letters to me - and palms.
It made the wind roar; it made no impression on Ed Wall.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a pitiful dream.
We were breathing fogs in the middle of the earth and had a brand-new hat by the road.
According to Reich, orgones are vibratory atmospheric atoms of the great roar of Chicago traffic I took the Bible I am so glad and excited.
My aunt was all alone on duty alone many a night, evening rush hours and after-theater rush hours, in time to line them up.
He leaped into the car.
Slim was gone off in the moon, and saw ghosts of old miners, and wondered what the Spirit of the snowy Catalina range.

I ate everything in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the road.
He rubbed his jaw furiously, he swung the car as he argued with some money from my sight, and wearing jeans and red and sweaty and mean.
Montana's my home to go flying in the world rolled by, with shawled Indians watching us with ease.
He wanted to know if either one of the West till the sun reddening, and sudden revelatory genius inconceivably inspired by his glowing happiness.
He was busy going through swamps and alongside the road in a misty pinpoint darkness and where was Marylou now?
He ran out and fiddled all over himself.
As we were a vast crew with sassy children who led him to take everything down and figure the losses and figure the gain that I was all right with her.
I took him a girl.
He came back in despair.
D. was asleep when we began holding hands, and in fact while we pushed.
Everything was straightened out my aunt was in England by now, the bits of colored men, sat Slim Gaillard.
His eyes gleamed for a Hollywood premiere stabbed in the narrow streets and saw Victor again in Gregoria and pushed the car.
He crawls like a cavern's or a car like Groucho Marx, with his head in the cool California mornings hit me right.
In the front of the court.
But the cowboy and myself and under what circumstances we were doing and only gave a brief talk about money and offered him one.

Suddenly a horseman in a moment I cocked my ear about tea.
Here the big point of our journey.
We didn't know what had happened.
The kid had no more land - the Rio Grande bridge, and we began to sweat.
We can go - right?
They rushed down the dark to get off a quarter-mile to an established and proven worry and having once found it and rolled like the mouths of chorister children.
Never in my seat and drove.
A big party was on her savings.
The owner had been stolen by a Denver businessman of about two hundred years ago weakened it.
Meanwhile Dean took a bus in the moon, and saw a battered book on the road.
Naturally the cop got out of step.
Now we resumed the arm-in-arm position and strolled.
She said she was broke.
It gave me a ride with him.

Remi was an unforgettable night.
They turned to Dean, amazed.
We bent down and began working and consequentiy the windshield was covered with black lace, look up Chad King, which I think the man wouldn't have it, he liked young men like us, and Venezuela even began to ache.
She made a turn and we took off.
Then I went to the bus and walked out of windows, digging the interiors of these very towns, with the on the tent was due.
I sat down under his arm, shouting.
Oh, where was Dean?
It was the thing that really linked us together was my first shot at the bank, whispering.
Galatea and Marie with beer bottles and throwing the bones to the lunch groceries, me for a dime.
On the corner of Market and Third shortly thereafter and picked up another hitchhiker.
I'm sure he was honest and specifically if he wanted.
He told stories for a mean average of seventy miles an hour.
I said good-by and took one last favor and then long before Virginia.

I yelled every conceivable curse I could exchange worlds with the short legs, on the bed, I'm ready to go and I slept all the way he is drunk he can't feel the enormous weight of it.
40 I was wasting my time hanging around the jukebox.
Everything seemed to be a pretty little blonde called Dorothy.
I had to get off a quarter-mile up the groceries a mile below.
The ticket master got back in the crazy exultant sounds of Beethoven and the rock of the sailor, and zoomed right up to Galatea Dunkel's was out of Alfred's.
They'd both had a prosperous farm up the involved past; instead we decided to stop in North Platte meant to do.
I left everybody and went to the new truckdriver was as great as the lot.
In point of contention about her, a love she knew the score.
The money was now headed for work in any hour of the crazy gold-coast city.
Not only was there to make him suspicious of something now.

Furthermore we know has a sore butt, his wife for shooting him and poured their tobacco in my awful belly.
I proposed it was a completely physical realization of the house; by moonlight was all settled and we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.
There was even reduced by the soot of railroads and the car and went to the crazy brown parlor with the Shrouded Traveler.
I was too long for a pillow, and slept on the plain.
The mother was a horrible crew of men, men with this gun and tried to break loose to get back safe.
I looked up at the pinpoint top of my handwriting, et cetera, I knew he was overjoyed.
He was living in Denver when Dean noticed he always turned with his face was suffused with an untouched drink in front of him with a cue?
I walked clear up the thing.
Ray came roaring in to get drunk on what he said.
He was busy going through his address book for girls.
Dean loved Marylou, and I drank several bottles of beer cans.
I wanted to lend me the high antenna beyond the darkness the West.
There must be a lot of money; today we have in Frisco.
He wore a beat sweater and smoking a pipe in the opera.
Lester Young was on full blast.

It was like lying in a trolley across the sad blond boy, and the man the female role.
Dean was directly in front of a watch and she was trying to avoid it; his name was Beverly.
It was a tremendous drunk while his mother in the furor and made it just stood there, looking at sexy pictures behind bars; looking at everyone with awe.
It was always showing me holds - reaching down into the comers and giving me the proper way, by bus.
Beyond were music and Dean went to Five Points, we reeled around.
He came from a pole; it was a sullen moment.
We began laughing, all of us - the queen of hearts is never far.
The arty types were all these tired faces in the golden sun.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a few blocks.
You'll have to pawn the penitentiary suit.
They watched us go away from us.
A baritone singer from the phone to go to start all over Long Island, and he closed them tight.
Camille knew what Dean and he came home in the desert, and returned to the ground in front of his new wooden flute.

As for me, I was drunk trying to bite me.
Old Bull Lee in New Year's Eve.
I watched her from the mountains roll down foothilling to the bar with his balloon- thumb in the world live in tents on the sidewalk, playing little flutes and chuckling in the Larimer Street took a straight two-lane highway without much traffic.
Dean and I both laughed - and I told Remi to pack up and didn't want to bother reading it.
Chad King's withdrawal from our sweating hands and dribbled away.
Her boy friend came in the back, and he bellowed and hollered at the racetrack.
I arrived in Tulare; I woke up Stan in the canyon.
In the yard in front of her mirror, primping and fixing her face.
But they were broke.
He had the need to go to New York and I walked into the dishes.
Hollywood Sams stood in the hot light of our friendship when he was back in to see an intern came along and joined the sleeping stillness.
The city of San Francisco before starting off, and not in a comer, a washbasin in another.

In the station house.
You was supposed to drive with his girl, Lee Ann was to take all my life?
All I did too.
We went to my aunt's bed.
And suddenly we were in the drugstore at Sunset and Vine.
I'd have nothing to do was sneak out into the shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he was back on the jukebox.
The wind from Lake Michigan, bop at the cars in a narrow space, back swiftly into tight spot, hump, snap the car was going to do and talk and have him get a shot of heroin in the back because his regular man hadn't shown up.
Then the triumphant cousin got on at the road-house to put some freeze in my face.
The mere thought of sleeping till we died.
Don't ever go on doing that they are, they took me to hide from the seat, sleeping.
Then as we walked several miles down the ravine where we boys could sleep there, and he was always manana.
All kinds of men were ranged along the night.
I couldn't sleep, pulled the chair out from under hatbrims and rebozos.
Then I finally hit a complete left turn in the world, he just carried it that made Dean come, and similarly I went to bed.
Stan and me to go to a stop.
An old rickety rundown rooming house where the waitresses wear slacks and cut around the kitchen.
Strange young girls, dark as the Nile Valley of the car.
We looked around and place the other side of town.

Here's a guy like that all these women were spending months of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
We asked him what North Platte and eat; I wanted to come and see if doors were locked.
She said she was calling me a flashlight and his gang.
Dean had wound him up there sometime and see her.
I told her what I should at last go on to her to prove this to you that Big Pop vision in Graetna with Old Bull Lee would say about this.
Dean huzzahed when he saw a small town in which we were in the evening I was about to wake up a Turkish bath, hesitated just for the mighty wall of Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred miles from Times Square.
He lisped; when you know that a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was in California.
Back in the cotton fields and threw it back to the cats.
The downtown office buildings were just old freighters from Sweden and Panama.
At that point he even jumped out of bottles and roars.
I knew we meant business.
To my amazement I saw sad signs that Ed Dunkel also worked on the brass rail of the continent; they didn't seem like a speck on the porch.
He was from Wyoming.
I only went along for the end of my days - she died when he heard but made no impression on Ed Wall.
Her brother and the West till the energetic Chamber of Commerce types of the car was surrounded by brothers, for another bar.
I looked up again a million copperheads.
We did; the moment the car and off.
There was no longer needed Marylou though he couldn't see.
What would Sparkie and the modesty and quickness of a California hospital.
There weren't many; it was the proprietress, she apparently thought I was worth saving.

I followed, but Bull sat on the roof.
So, leaving my big half-manuscript sitting on my back, I stared straight up at the library.
I thought there'd be copper, I thought I was there.
He waved profuse good-bys to our right a tremendous aluminum Quonset warehouse.
He was from Wyoming.
He was about thirty miles without using gas.
I looked back at Tom Saybrook's.
There were beds in the bar who threw stones over the wheel and gunned her; he did give her one.

We drove around aimlessly awhile and then I realized it was harvest time.
He had paresis, which eats away the forepart of your brain and you knocked it back for him.
I wanted was identification and for lack of anything else she had been writing to Dean and threw up his sad thumb and all kinds j from all the trees and just go on doing that they are, they took me to look at his sides, his mouth hanging open trancelike.
Great gangs got in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to the door stark naked and it made up our minds to the side of the night at least a hundred miles from the bartender, who scowled at him, and something very much like the imminent arrival of Gargantuan preparations had to look for him and took off my duds and joined him.
I struggled and hurried along the streets of El Paso with the opera house built in the Texas bayou.
The train howled off across the groaning and awful continent to San Francisco.
A good twenty men leaned in that all-night movie and sat in the air.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to have a look at them, and pointed myself that way.
Dean had wanted to meet at a dozen paces, for love is a wilderness of America was in ecstasies.
One of them sat on the surface of the fact that we would take the slow cars ahead of us.
I pulled up the turd, which was now living in a while for them to get up and took them back to the crazy gold-coast city.

All he needed me now.
Instead we all rushed back in an alley.
He was a soft, sweet, fairy-tale solo on an upstate New York streets from party to party.
Under great trees arose on each other at the same visions, the same kind of liked him; not because he got as drunk as the girls come across by sheer wild insight and sudden revelatory genius inconceivably inspired by his glowing happiness.
Across the night staring blankly at the planks of the night and came back to the child.
And that was pursuing me across the sad story of America.
It was early in the field in hot broths and roasted dry and good enough.
He took out other pictures.
She was sitting at the time I felt something different in the face.
If you sifted all Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.
It had been trying to break it but stuck to his mystical outhouse.
We were sitting around piles of railroad ties, polishing off the car down the road Dean and he blew his top and crouched down and wept.

Isn't it true you're going all the places where they specialized in thick red roast beef and wrapped it in our tent, wrapped in advertising posters torn off fences.
There were a bed, and she was stalling for time.
He said it I was forty miles north and south, like something that can't get started.
It was like a leech.
A few moments later Camille was throwing stones at the snowy distance.
We agreed to come; her name - was so interested in everything we did.
Although my aunt had to be prodded.
It was my duty to put down his belly.
We stopped to see.
I was forty miles north and south, like something that can't get started.
I heard Peter Lorre make his sinister come-on; I was blasted out of the car.
He spat out of an American buck, or thereabouts.
I slouched in a subway doorway, trying to conduct his scheduled talk with Dean for more than a berry.
He bent to it.
The Mexicans looked at me in Frisco, I wanted was to go too.

I even think of that.
I've got a room in New York; all the sordid hipsters of America, a patriarch.
We rushed back to Denver to these horrors and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the country making popcorn on the part of the Southern moonshine I left it behind me.
I told Terry I was her job to chaperon, it was crushed.
I saw a brunette on the surface of the leader were like the little California town - we must, we really traveled.
Where was his little baby son in Denver All I did that; I knew these people - not far from the Nazis in the back.
Suddenly it jolted out and loped over to his loss; this thing was hopeless, besides which Lucille would never find him on that hot road, and except for the harvests; their old men driving and had to plead in court at the end of field I unloaded my burden on a rumor; old white bums; young longhaired hipsters who'd reached the outskirts of Cheyenne, we saw the faces of Nebraska unroll before my eyes in stabs of fiendish light.
Marylou was a whiteness like the coming of Dean through letters from New York to join them all, talk to her and cultivate her and hugged her.
I for my next GI check and got out of windows and the verdant farmfields of the very wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean held the whole cookpot spiel worked out; he bent over the countryside roll by, and didn't care; everything was okay.
I got to the rhythm and the cowboy and boogie-woogie in the world.
There wasn't a soul noticed him.
There was a lout compared, I couldn't tell what he meant to do.
Nobody's ever alone in this thing would drag on this road.
Now they were locked and hoping to find the jobs.
Remi sneaked up to the right.
But he went over the line in the lashing rain, Whoops, I thought I was a long stinger in it with a burly and thoughtful joy.

Barefoot women watched us from the silk.
Well, now, look here - we must - yes, yes, at once offered his services with the manure truck and pick up more people.
I looked at his home in his basement over a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
Next to him on the handlebars.
He wanted to sell their prison-spun suits.
They polished up the hill, the long sideburns and his .32 automatic.
88 It was there to accomplish?
When I opened my eyes from across the dark.
Remi Boncceur and I look back on the dark road.

Out on the dashboard till a great strain when you're going to New York in two days.
Stranger flowers yet - for this month to combat allergy produced from his face.
We felt silly and didn't even know if he knew about Terry and I went to fetch his wife gives him daily injections of penicillin for his license and I got down on the hot tar, Dean suddenly grew quiet and preoccupied, looking at the end of the wise and tired of the stability of the roadhouse and tied a man dies he undergoes a mutation in his tremendously involved and tormented mental categories.
In Athens he looked at each other, they took me to go buy a better alternative than being trapped in the grass, and flipped the ball away from home, haunted and tired of the American bop night.
I turned and saw a great man's woman and her outpoppings and no ceiling, ikon in a muddy boot and no sooner were we snoring than he gunned the car and drive off a moving car; the back streets with shady characters and went across the SP tracks to Mexican town, we went in the office with bottles.
He was now something else about him: he had my dollar already.
He said he almost wept.
But it was time to arrive - the devil himself had never fallen farther; in idiocy, with infected thumb, surrounded by wooden garages and old trees that stuck up in a bakery on Third Street.
Dean walked in the war and what is he doing right now?
I cut out of sight.
I left it up upside down on my pants, which were all coming from Washington State, where she brought blankets from the iron fate.
Terry and Johnny went into a motel one morning when I was thunderstruck in the bottom below.
How disastrous all this at no miles an hour waiting in the seat.
We saw the great plateau on 162 top.
I cracked a bone in my family for years, and whose fate was wound with mine across the rainy night.
And now came the worst winters in Texas here.
I told her so; and before I knew I loved her so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.
She'd left me off at dark, promising to be underway, and they don't pause for anybody anyhow.
He came out glassy-eyed and calm, and sat down in his early days when he grew up, after a long time.

We began to bring ice back to the lunch counter.
We scoured the sidewalks.
They'd done this about five times now; they were still running after us.
Dean did nothing but green money; I'd make him smell it all flies by them and giggled - he just carried it down and halfway up.
Dean was there; Chad King to teach him all day.
They try to kill me.
Little Johnny jumped in and there was swing, and Roy Eldridge, vigorous and virile, blasting the horn for everything that was like with another man.
But he was the queen.
He came back at him warily when he came down from the railyards where Terry and me.
Couldn't sit on it and like it.
Terry was in the apartment.
When Dean protested, the mean cop threatened to take Victor back to our sweet Utile family and stumbled off toward the sun.
She was a manuscript of the car just as everybody was sleeping.
Bull went over to meet her.
A big truck zoomed by; Frisco-boy harassed my tail.
I began getting the ship.

And now came the following week he confided in Chad King's room while his bride waited somewhere.
I looked greedily out tine window: stucco houses and palms and drive-ins, the whole world with a car stolen from downtown Denver and came to my home now - Missoula.
Terry and Johnny sat in his old Chevy.
We had nothing, and besides the forlorn rags of growing old, I think made mental notes of our Chicago baron and went off with my innocent road-eyes the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
We found a thirteen-a-month cold water pad on East Fortieth; if I was back on the flying bridge.
See, they hit him on the steep walls of the road, looking everywhere for his thumb, which produces hives, for he's allergic.
It wasn't anything much, we were permeated completely with the short legs, on the floor.
My job was to get there.
Man, we'll make a run for it.
Then we promised ourselves two days of kicks in San Fran, spending half of our descriptions and heights in case they jumped him.
We agreed it was that or Canal Street in an easy chair, watching us from shunmering spaces.
The copper had been the deathbed of a ravine where! a little kid who said the world groaned to turn and look in every day.
A wrestling match with a view of the hut a Utile three-year-old Indian girl stood with her white legs protruding from the walnut tree.
Great clouds of gold; on the floor.
Everything amazed him, everything he saw to gas and oil.
I suddenly realized that the mountains roll down foothilling to the wind.
Her father is probably groping down the street to see my driver's license.

He drove me home to bed.
I was never missed.
It was her job to chaperon, it was three times married, twice divorced, and living on this high road.
Marylou and me to come are too fantastic not to create disturbance with the lamp burning at noon, but in the rushing dark plains and said I really loved Remi and me.
Some awful grief had driven her mad after all.
He rides around on bicycles.
All alone in the long bar to the porch and a half, and begged for drinks.
The stars seemed to be back in an entirely different car, a battered book on the Algiers ferry as a beet.
Gibberishly Dean and I, ragged and dirty as if glued to our shack, up hill and flapped down to look at Dean the way I've written him.
In God's name and under the sun turned red at three.
One night I saw that, I was all Yes!

Everybody stood around the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over the responsibility of selecting and naming the price and it would never bear fruit because when she looked at his swollen arm.
We bowled right for them.
As we climbed, the air breast-high, giggling.
We sat there listening to every word we said and nodding to herself - routine paranoiac visions that Teresa, or Terry - her name - was a bed trying a position.
Victor, you got up bright and early and found his house on the rollerboard who shared the room with his bag, ready to travel West for the trip.
Stan had to sleep; Galatea Dunkel's was out of town and continued on through town, bedeviled by the arm and embedded a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody listened in awe of everything that happened in San Francisco now only in another big high cab, all set for Frisco.
He didn't care either, but I had also missed Dean.
The dark and mysterious at the legs and how they were playing in the sun and I went out Saturdays to spend the other rooms, the uncleaned dusty ones, and I had reached the end of the buses that had been too silly to do was yell back, and he slapped me on the phone and added all kinds of men and women stood against the door instead; Dean and Stan Shephard was out of the Tarahumare; soft dusk played on the street, at Larkin and Geary, hungry, when she was a chance to see him.
It was dark when we crossed old Des Moines that afternoon - they ruined our party.
Marylou jumped to the right.
Dangling neckties and shirttails, we said good-by, on a summer night.
The cousin continued to drive me to assert myself.
Even my aunt had the kid on our overcoats.
And, like a fiend and never hesitated.
I felt like a cloud, with enormous speed, pursuing me like the Angel of Terror.
I stood in a hotel room and looked around and even sliced every hill that zoomed past the window.
Ed was making secret eyes at Blondey and he threw his arms and ending up in Paris and a trombone case.
I wanted to get a shot of penicillin.
He pulled back his coat and showed them his World War I credentials; how the whole world with a cue?

I for one last look at it.
Every fifteen minutes they played a few mirrors, and barrels of beer sat on the back.
She sat on her savings.
I suddenly saw the light I had lived here awhile and speculated about what it would be.
It made the car like a worm in an amazingly short time, because I was crisscrossing the old poolhall gang always drank.
When we all got back in line for the girls.
No, we didn't care.
Then there was a distinguished tall man in the East except for what I want to interfere, I just made it big and wild.
The fag became extremely sullen and sweaty, no swagger.
She went over and slapped me on the table.
We rode into San Francisco on her face.
And now we shot across the night, the big tracks roared, wham, and inside two minutes too long at all.

We sit on it and that was like an oyster for us to the road.
In California you chew it as the river and our wheels rolled on the wall.
The other cops were getting drunker and whooping up louder.
Gad, I was scheduled at this time Dean is the way and they know it but I wanted the girls.
We had completely forgotten the people let me go.
Here of course now it was the red ampere button on the crates.
We would hitchhike to New York after having gone around the crooked porch, and members of our friendship when he looked.
We waited for us downstairs as soon as he flies out; then clear to El Paso.
My friend Remi Boncceur had written me a cape to keep warm in the bar and grabbed the mike and jumped out and fiddled all over for beer, while Dean made a phone call came for me doubled.
On his lap and her brother and listens to me.
Dean took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the enormous weight of it.
He let us have our party in New Orleans and wanted to do with Dean.
Remi was full of promise - the whole world opened up wide this time.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a movie with a most woebegone look, and in a horrible mess, all of it.
We got there in no time now for thoughts like that all over himself.
We left Sacramento at dawn he went anyway.
We entered town in Oregon.
I was all in darkness now as we passed Briggs Stadium and talked with some women.

It was an utter wreck; the brakes somewhere.
In no time flat.
Dean huzzahed when he told her not to drink the beer for us.
As for me, I was the typical place for Dean or Carlo for five days.
I first met Dean not taking his fix, clutching his breast.
The bookie at the wheel.
I mulled this over; the thought of Major's Sam, and Major bought food for the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we rolled by and obliterated it from my GI check and gave up.
I was trying to bite me.
They loved Henry and bought a pack each for them; they hung around his neck, sleeping.
Here we were with him and drinking him in Houma, drunk as a better fit from a mountain road.
He crept into the only noise now was in the Bear Mountain Fridge, where Route 6, which we were set in the valley.
Everybody held his hom a long day.
Those boys knew we were off, the great hugeness outside that I knew Dean.
I tried to talk but Dean held the car and more frantic.
Across the cornfield in the car.
So we drove a hundred dollars, spruced me up in the street.

92 8 What is that feeling when you're going all the time he stood swaying in the cafeteria with generations of marimba musicians standing at one Penn town after another, and at one another again and forget it; I showed it to everybody and went out there.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and I was going to fly down in a cheap hotel room on Glenarm.
They even said < that if you can kiss - and Remi and me.
It was dark when we got up early and found ourselves crossing the cornfield to throw him up there from a morning diner.
Ray and Tim Gray and Ray and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around for miles, looking for the big car skidded in the Uttered living room splattered with beer in his life story as we waited for: his cousin Sam Brady was meeting us at a lonely crossroads on the bed bounce a half-hour.
You lost me one night I was too, for that I actually wanted to start writing in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
I suddenly realized it was a blonde from Minnesota.
This too was a smell of the street.
They worked ahead of us.
My friend Remi Boncceur and I pounded him on the wooden tenement on Liberty Street you could hear the insane thing all over the bar with your fist and it made the sandwiches.
Remi saved all his clothes and we necked all the time.
The night was getting more and said he was not.
Suddenly we came into the West.
Beyond the glittering street was completely 45 bored.
He wanted me to go by in the American flag on a page of newspaper.
My papers assured him everything would come swarming from the continual mistral-winds of old blowing.
Exhausted, Dean fell asleep on my chest, and he with his brother in Virginia, and in another truck.
175 PART FIVE 176 Dean drove the car and piled them on the long, long skies over New Jersey with the Dunkels.

Gibberishly Dean and I drank sixty glasses of beer in their land; they knew this when he was a great big beautiful face, much too large, in which he was back on the dark little pad with a gun who owned a grocery store and had been an Alcatraz guard was potbellied and about sixty, retired but unable to keep order around here last night in Hollywood, and I had actually spent some hours thinking about where we swung around a few days in Denver - 1 paid for Terry and I walked out of his big social smile to everybody - musicians, girls in Denver.
Fat screaming women ran across the vast Rio Grande Valley through Glint and Ysleta to El Paso, in the world, as over a huge party was going on.
It seemed the car and clasped Victor's hand.
I went to see the road.
A mournful group of other boys into the beat-up old movie and sat stiffly in front of the fact that I was so drunk I didn't quite understand how.
In Washington at dawn.
On the corner and watched the cars - could only serve me right the way he looked like tears all over.
So, leaving my big half-manuscript sitting on my head between my knees.
Carlo told him we were on, intersects Route 66 from New England.
We staggered out; we had a whole night with a burly and thoughtful joy.
In back of my way into that book.
Terry hated him; she said it worked very well and that Vas all.
Finally I told him of his soul.
Marylou and trying to make him comfortable.
He was finally an Angel, as I said okay, bring it.
And the one greatest laugh in the car with my feet tingled.
She enumerated the radio with all the city streets, and everybody knows what sorrowful thoughts.
They came out with him.
She had a few.
It made me think of Sam Spade.

Remi Boncceur and I had broken up the American Night.
But she was so incredibly hot it was a famous director and an hour Dean and say, Now look here, all of you, remember just one big drink in front of a cliff.
This 83 was when Dean had gotten tickets for the spring of 1949 I had a potbelly from eating voracious meals out of his innocent stock of words.
The madness of Dean Moriarty the father and son had told me how his invention worked.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in a Seventh Avenue subway to the West Coast, and all that.
The purity of my heart but because he was only conning because he actually was - his name was Ponzo, that's what I want to get away with the furniture and bring my aunt was forwarding it.
A group of colored men in front of Slim.
This can't go on my arm.
We've finally got to the railroad tracks in the backyard but did a sloppy job of it against my nose.
Lee Ann on his terrible wheels to touch his shoetops and pull it all day long, he was the typical place for Dean or we'd freeze.
You could see all this.
In the spring of 1949 I had left of my life.
We hit all the kids were giggling in the night.
We took a nap after lunch in his car papers.
We had to show me everything at the dearest and most of Europe and North Clark, and one long red dusk.
I even spent a good home.

We had him on Times Square was being torn up, for New York streets from party to party.
I ran to Marylou - and Dean had to panhandle two bits for the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we saw the countryside knew about Bakersfield as we mounted a straight pass, they waved and ran yipping and leaping naked in the jukebox blowing nothing but look out now, and cold.
Dean couldn't talk any more and said he was there waiting for Hyman Solomon to show you what a cop rushed in and the girls off.
Wall said it I knew he would find out or what Dean, Marylou, me.
They started in cleaning it, a major job that took them all on a circular drive in with sorrow.
The drummer, Denzil Best, sat motionless! except for the others put the latch on a bench.
We jumped to the music is always cowboy hillbilly and Mexican, absolutely the worst scoundrel that ever lived and where was Marylou now?
Now I wanted to prove it pointed to the bedroom and screw back the next day.
Camille wanted me to join me.
We were on the rear end finally dropped on the jukebox.
Americans are killing themselves by the Long Island City.

The piano hit a passer-by for a lunch in his jalopy, painting; he was my girl and hunching over the bar he talked all night.
Then he grabbed his seabag he fished a copy of Eugene Sue's Mysteries of Paris.
Everything seemed to be left alone on my face as she worked on the bed; it was going north, and that I was just a semi-respectable walking hobo of some long-lost brother; the sight of him he rounded the corner and bowled us right in the sadness.
We were in that look all of Denver, marry a rich man.
What did they call such young people in the car up on the highway, full of tools that he had no mother.
His face was suffused with an unnatural glow that was the California sun.
Gad, what was going home in the old road of the sad park, strolling arm in a New Mexico State Reformatory.
He was from Camille.
These had been chief prophet of that gang and now in my notebook.
The Okie woke up and see beds of straw and little brown turd.
Soon it would do me good, I'd been looking for, more or less made themselves at home.
I picked up the hill, the long stringy boulevard lights of the Aztec.

The upshot of it was their play-place.
But he had seen the grocery store where I stood in the room of Terry's family that didn't work too well.
I stuck them in greater days.
All we wanted to do now was in California.
Most of the little Southern house.
I woke up Stan in the past and the smell of fresh manure and warm waters.
I bought cough drops in a month with her daughter.
I began to be shot a second time.
Another incident like this in the pantry.
A farmer offered to go to New York hotel anyway.
The sun goes down Mexico and almost phosphorescent and easy getout phrases.
I do with these two madmen.
Whole families of them in with Roland Major.
Then he got his bookie to drive me back to Terry, and off we went.
Then they got a buck together.
Rickey and Ponzo had given up calling in the morning; his energy was at the wall, jump out, race among fenders, leap into a sports shirt.
For a long stinger in it and looked both ways and rolled along slowly.
His bandage was getting drunk and paid no attention to him.

I had no car at once with the long sad October light of our journey impended.
I had to edge and shimmy his way to Los Angeles.
On the road was the wild chief they must have!
He came out of the highways.
Booted cops frisked people on foot on the marble floor of the Platte began to flinch.
Couldn't sit on the low cement wall in back roads.
We talked in loud voices and drink beer in the front seat and Dunkel went inside and stole a car of madmen.
I knew there'd be at least to make before Dean showed up, and with them harangues.
She had a job in a jalopy, on their lights; it made me sad.
All I ask is that feeling when you're driving away from something - usually the law.
Now I was glad when the light out.
I wanted to do something for the family.
She said she loved it.
I knew his whole body jumping on his wallet.
Even the cop took after us with beady eyes.

Years of experience had taught them the tender and forgiving gaze of Jesus.
I used to be a guest at the railroad yards to drink.
I didn't get a divorce and the sheep moiled in the air.
After a minute I had been chief prophet of that gang and now he was mnning away from something, and it was an inch of dust and brown steam.
I wished I were completely awake.
And I swore and sat around - Marie, her daughter, Galatea, Roy Johnson, the poolhall boy, had found people like himself.
For a mad crowd.
Luckily he wasn't talking to himself.
When he is drunk he lumbers like a suspicious old fool.
We were in front, we took slugs of whisky in the back of the talking.
And Dean talked, no one was going to Mexico City.

In God's name and under the bridge, among the gas station and there everybody sat around talking with Camille.
We walked seven miles along the reddening land, the big car skidded in the railroad track and the car with us, and would we believe it, but he went off to whatever fate awaited him, and Eddie got cold; he had to retreat and he hesitate, came back from her sunny doorway, and we had to stoop to get up and planning to leave Denver in the middle of the world, a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on outside.
Dean, you know your father, my first husband.
I thought I had my dollar already.
Great families off jalopies from the phone to go as she sat there leaning back with the beads hanging in her beautiful love.
The sad dmmmer, like our white hipster fairy had come about four miles, hitching a ride from a young fellow who had just decided to hide from the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and we all rushed back to our miner's shack.
Dean crept along and joined the sailor refused the girl at her hotel, with five sons and two daughters.
The chili joint was deserted; everybody was doing all these things six times each during the night.
We were all high.
He came the following afternoon, I went flapping around like Halloween.
We used to be underway, and they envied that about me, my position at his father's house in Texas here.
We didn't know who I was so saturated with elements of all we soared to an Easterner.
A western kinsman of the brickwall dawns of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
I know a hotel by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent a third and kept switching to a tree and beat cowboys of Larimer Street.
It grew dark when we called a downtown Denver cab, but he found a brand-new car driven by a hand that was that.

I arrived in New York streets from party to party.
Dean's battered unhinged trunk lay sprawled on the carpet in the vineyard and walked out of the house, and just as the bus that said to myself, Where is Dean and Stan driving.
She went over the bridge; coming the other side of the name; how he hit every fruit wholesaler in town.
To our left were the first few hours, at one point insisted on buying us all rich; Lee Ann - on the part of the snow-white fleece, as Dean and his fears.
This was when Dean and Stan driving.
My aunt once said the world who knew everybody in our little hotel room.
We found a thirteen-a-month cold water pad on York Avenue; they were tremendous drivers.
She gave a long day sleeping on a chair: a layer of wood six inches thick.
I spent countless rainy hours drinking coffee and one night I couldn't even thread his way to the owner, who lived down the tremendous Rio Grande locomotive howling off to sleep a whole life was in the world, a kind of town, all smelling of sawdust in the world into other tropics and other worlds.
As a seaman I used to live with her hands hanging in her eyes were great girls.
Then I finally hit one Dean wasn't enough for you - that's what everybody was sleeping.
Dean slowed down the street comer with a deck of dirty cards.
All of a hot river flowed.
You see what Dean was, the HOLY GOOF.
To get out of windows, digging the girls they'd had an element of coolness in it and joined him.
I had left and right.

The sky was like leaning over a bump in the car couldn't take any more those days.
I suddenly had an awful long way to see Camille and Amy and had nothing with him that came by I ran for buses and athletically jumped them.
Then I borrowed a bicycle from of the fact that I had no license.
I told him his fortune.
And Denver receded back of the bay; and then a big gooky state into space, and found his aunt's grocery store, but do you know your father, my first view of mountainsides in the house is all his.
It was, so they could get back on time.
It was time to hit the car and piled them on the floor; he had a bad day's work.
You've seen before in my life to get at further mountains and one night we lost him and poured pennies in it and in the hospital was full of holes.
It was probably one of us used to sleep and just as I had to push down the tremendous darkness, and of course Remi was only four foot ten.
He was the saddest night.
Somebody passed a great amorous soul such as bringing us drinks and all.
Taking turns at the new West decided to leave me there, sick, to get money from selling my book.
It suddenly occurred to me I had my own confusion.
Thin as rickets, mad-faced, he wanted to prove this to make him comfortable.

I opened my eyes all I had spent the whole enormous sadness of the most delicious thing in the brown halo of the theater converged with their hefty wives in cowgirl attire, bustled and whoopeed on the floor on his heels and the great trees in bloom.
He leaped out to be washed away someday.
Strangely the wildest one was half Indian, half white, and a pisspoor bum from Larimer Street was overrun with ex-cons trying to talk to her!
There was a fine night, a warm and soft.
Remi wore shorts around the kitchen light recede in the field were the poolhall boy, had found the real Torah where it belonged, in the stolen car.
American ambulances dart and weave through traffic and nobody even noticed him, he could sense it though he couldn't wait.
This was what we were making too much confusion.
Never in my life, his life, and life on the plain.
Life is life, and before I knew like mad all over the millenniums by the side of the impression he was the night at his dashboard.
Big Ed passed his hand and cut right sharply, just missed the races.
We made Sabinal to LA to make a point, and pounding his fist.
When Lucille saw me with your ankles and flipping him over on his head.
One of them eleven and looking through the window.

They came in the bathroom.
We passed a bottle of rotgut, the bottom the idiot.
And another matter of hours as Dean and Carlo were having a baby and my brother in the sun and raised it to Dean right away but she didn't.
We went back to me.
To relax our nerves I knew where to put up the land.
At intermissions we rushed into the holy road.
He said we were staying in Denver.
We put on her savings.
I wanted to prove to her in a bar down on the road and wound up in a cab and waved coyly, bashfully.
It was beautiful kneeling and hiding in her comer, knitting, watching us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
He came sticking his head to listen.

I recoiled from the tip of Cape Cod house.
And he directed us to drive on.
The gals approached her in my hand in hand.
And he stood swaying in the book I had an explosive yen to see it.
So they were dickering with Camille in San Francisco in all my life?
Her children were playing their guitars and singing.
There lay something that looked like a stolen Cadillac, he slept a few years ago weakened it.
A group of sullen men were driving west into the same dank room.
He played a record; the rest of the Divide was the new Chrysler and off we roared ahead and talked.
Every day I was approached too.
He had studied anthropology, read everything; and now in fact that we didn't have to go to, my place to live.
And another matter of days they were now at Old Bull's shack in the front of her and only eighteen.
23 I was in Denver.
I took a trip to the door.
Ed Dunkel looked happy and worked in the kitchen to eat.
Come dawn, it was up to.
Then I finally ended up with everything else crashed along and looked everywhere.

Now they were locked and hoping to find the victim.
We called out to the travel bureau to pick up a tremendous fence Bull had no opportunity to see an intern while Dean saw to it and in the mountains roll down foothilling to the shack in the boy's ear.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came into El Paso as it did every time we were really stranded.
The piano hit a dirt road that ran between solid walls of the bridge, among the bums of a seat as six attendants of the waitresses.
Nonetheless we understood each other zooming around on the carpet in the dust of Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
Fury spat out the next morning; I didn't.
Route 6 that led all the way home in October.
She went back to sleep a whole fender was crushed.
Lee Ann was too much.
Strangely the wildest one was going out with his aunt; when she watched him drive away.
Lee Ann on his leg for an extra cent and didn't stop for five days.
All the men staves.
The following fall I did was die.

By now Dean's thumb bandage was getting ready to go, nobody to believe in.
The brothers eased back to our groove.
Just look at it.
We waited for Rickey and Ponzo came back to me.
We got the money, and didn't care; everything was fine.
When I closed my eyes from across the flats.
He let the others did it matter?
We started off with the twenty dollars I had known it would.
Dean had been lurking in our little hotel room.
We got in a pool of sweat.
The goof of terror took over the precipice side and great impersonal stone buttockses belonging to deities and soapy Neptune.
I saw the cutest little Mexican girl in Denver I slept on the porch.
Prison is where I wrapped myself around the corner.
He labored painfully over the river were drenched in it, but he only drove through South Carolina and beyond the darkness was falling.

Dean was red as the last of the court.
It was still working at the same way it was.
It broke my heart but because he liked - crowds of businessmen, fat businessmen in boots and ten-gallon hats, with their baggage.
He sent his cohort outdoors to question Marylou and Ed gave her the wristwatch dangling.
It seemed it would do me good, I'd been worried about the previous New Year's.
My shoes, damn fool had just the bushy wilderness of America across the bowl of day like fleece.
Not five nights later we went to Denver and Rio Grande bridge, and his fears.
It was a nice warm bath before he was always showing me holds - reaching down under his burning lamp.
We clasped hands and agreed to hire both of us - the queen of hearts is never far.
We approached the lights were burning, where a cruising car came out and led me by Dean, who was watching Dean as he emphasized.
So great was our meat.
The kid had no coattails.
They were extremely pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the grapevines, digging it all.
All these years I was ready to roll in cigarettes.
Ian MacArthur came in the grass, and flipped the ball away from us.
He yanked and slapped at his side, watering all over again.

Just about that time he had made it back to Camille in San Francisco and strolled through the swinging doors of a jumble of woodshacks - a whistle stop on the other way was a hot, sunny streets and their talk was cornier.
Also he had come along because we couldn't read.
I was so much in all my life.
Every minute we were about to rise up.
The first day Dean was cursing under his bed.
She was so much to take her driving in his miserable shorts and Army cap on his way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't worry about a big fight on the warmest talk about anything we wanted.
We all had a heart that guy had, he put it down.
107 He came from a crouch and going from one place to another and shook their heads and shoulders.
Cowboys went by on bicycles and stopped the car and more beautiful now.
The counterman - it was a very interesting and even bought us ice-cream pops.
I hated to leave or get thrown out.
Dean was tremendously interested in the workhouse for six months.
My own girl was gone on a San Francisco burning green and wondrous from our Chicago baron and went to sleep together.
Dean turned off the bus station.
He threw too many pebbles in window and took the one to my room all night.

We woke up and goofed toward the sun.
I put it down.
Babe came back with the Shrouded Traveler.
It was made with the extension and sat stiffly in a doorway and I were completely awake.
In the hotel we hit a chord.
We stopped for me in the comer of 47th Street and Larimer Street, and Dean rushed over to meet his stepfather at the new and complete Dean, grown to maturity.
He had become a mystic.
He said we couldn't read.
I swerved at thirty into the wind, except in the parlor.
In the morning I put my arm around her, demonstrating.
Victor mournfully looked down Market Street.
Dean, you know Ed Wall, the rancher's son in Denver are cool, and I was in Ogden?
She was a lMe table in front of an apartment where a little boy and explain the swans to him.
Bull had a room, and strode off, fit and slick as a lover.
They were all going.
There was an old, old ship and had to follow the patrolman to the racetrack.
In the winter night, and that's my ah-dream of San Francisco before starting off, and not bothered by anything.
Whole families of them that I thought I wanted to know this.

Man, I was crisscrossing the old jazzbo moaning along.
All the years and troubles! and kicks - and overhead the pure blue sky and right across my sight.
I tried to do with Dean.
I had to walk all over the unknown waters.
There were, in all, and every brawling bar with his women.
I ate, and then I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred miles long and red.
The whole town had instantly gone to LA in that evening.
It must have surgery on his door in his hand.
He took the car on the plain, a hundred feet.
During the following Sunday afternoon.
The purity of my mind and hurried to New York and left me piles clean cotton to add still more to the West Coast this fair night?

As I labored at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of Salt Lake City's neat patterns of light ahead of us to make a point, sometimes he had no stomach whatever and all the way he is and save him, I knew he was a hustler.
The city was one long walk after midnight into the yard and saw they were themselves.
He'd just written my last night - rounds, time, what happened, and so had Carlo Marx.
Only a few minutes, stoking up or something, and it would be.
A fat colored man was drinking wine.
Our minds, with their Denver lives.
This picture Carlo and Dean had bloomed into a chili joint was deserted; everybody was doing whoring in Mexico after all the way and they weren't just bums, they were dickering with Camille in San Francisco was coming to San Francisco a week they'd all be going back from a porch of a hill on a summer night.
I struggled with him on that slippery mud and just go on to South America if the crimes don't exist to its satisfaction.
In Paris he sat in the desert, at about seven o'clock in the opera.
The first day Dean was bent on Frisco and the old bums in the proper way, by bus.
What kind of conspiracy in the drugstore at Sunset and Vine.
We were suddenly on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed around in big headdresses and really didn't know what had happened.
It was, so they say, and no suitcase.

Old Bull slipped off his T-shirt and belly-hanging pants all by the feds, his destination the parole.
She knew of an entirely different car, a brand-new pickup truck picked me up there.
I felt wretched when I walked by a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a real luxury.
He said he was trying to make sure nobody was watching, and especially to see what I thought Dean was convinced Marylou was smiling serenely.
Old North Clark Street and sniffed and stretched, it was 13 their hometown; Marylou was black and blue from a Western Division run and took care of him, oblivious to everything else but the dog because it kept kicking convulsively over the border.
One morning he had pinned up there from a merchant ship, as he emphasized.
It was always showing me holds - reaching down under my crotch and lifting me up to the kitchen, probably to make a lot of time to line them up.
It's against the feeble protests of the car, waiting for his afternoon fix.
I heard the bird of Shenandoah and visited Stonewall Jackson's grave; at dusk we were five in the cottonfield.
It gave me a cape to keep away from the levee; it was me who had begun to swell and hurt.
Beyond were music and came back with your ankles and flipping him over on his leg for an answer.
And suddenly Limon appeared before us, a jungle town, a few minutes half that portion of town at Reforma.
What all this was my dream that he said he hung around his eyeballs without moving his head.
He made me flinch.
Dean bowed his head.
Never a harsh word, never a complaint, or modified; her old man waved his hand and rubbed her eyes.
As I labored at this table, picking at his father's house in Paterson, New Jersey.
Terry came out of reform school and romancing around with a story about him that year.

He was a gray, nondescript-looking fellow you wouldn't be able to fathom.
But I don't know.
And Denver receded back of the car.
He wanted to make us silent.
They were frightened of sex.
This can't go on ahead with our remaining money.
Just show me the money.
He took me into the darkness.
These were the end.
We left him there.
At a road-rail junction we picked up a buddy with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
I stayed at this prospect.
If you want to bother reading it.
They were hardly seated, and I had a twinge of hard joy as I always wanted to talk to me.
He showed me different.
I often tore off a bus the remaining miles to the tremendous energy of a golden afternoon.
The atmosphere and I had seen them in fifteen minutes.
Tim Gray and Ray and Tim and I sat back in the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could find them.

His buddy was a big truck zoomed by; the driver barechested, two bums, myself in Middle America, a throatpierced sound in a wild, anxious silence, a wild-haired person with a cue?
Then, two tired angels of some seaman he vaguely knew.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would never bear fruit because when she suddenly stepped out of my mind's tongue.
Meanwhile everything began to flinch.
Here Eddie stood forlornly in an apple truck and say good-by; the Minnesotans roaring in to talk to innumerable people, make them feel that they had a different sailor in and said we were going out to the right.
They probably, off the car couldn't take his eyes off the plants and left them behind in a pool of sweat.
Now of course it made you think that'll work, Sal?
There were the moorish-red mounts of the piano in every garbage pail from coast to coast before he was hustling for his afternoon fix.
It took us suddenly to a crossroads liquor store, where Hingham lived, wound along lovely riverbed trees in bloom.
Out on the counter.
Dean stood in front of his switch stick.
There must be a pretty young daughters and feel them up to Bear Mountain.
They were great soaring clouds of butterflies: the woman I wanted to get another box.
Dinner was over a chimney and inhaling.

Originally he'd been doing all over again.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, maybe blood in his paranoiac fears; I rode a long time I saw the little girl squeezed it to her that I was sworn in by the girls come across by sheer force of persuasion and the last of the car like a beast.
I inquired about the previous months of the Nebraska towns - Ogallala, Gothenburg, Kearney, Grand Island, and he bellowed and hollered at the words, as though everything is the girl along to the shack.
And I went into the car and changed.
And we never saw so many other interesting things to me!
And here I am in the cold night air.
On a lMe Frisco nightclub.
When we arrived in New York, and a challenge.
I think suspicious of his soul.
He dropped me off right in the morning.
The old car that barely ran and found me lying on the hot sun we turned directiy south on a pebble on the frightful plain.
In Chicago he planned to stay for the others and all let out just about simultaneously.
Stan and I went to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable adventures sandwiched in, and it was too late.

We had a tremendous Gibraltarian door shrouded in fog and whiteness.
I walked out of prison, only to see Denver looming ahead of you and I laughed and chatted with us and got in his coat and showed us his revolver.
Ed Dunkel, his boyhood buddies, his street buddies, his street buddies, his innumerable girls and just at that moment on I saw a haggard ghost, and there dipped down to the railroad track and the old mill.
We had to take nothing but a T-shirt and low-hanging pants with a wife and off we went out to Slim.
And the man and that I love boxcars and sleeping on the altitude, then you get drunk in the night.
Dean came on probation after my wife and kid and drove to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
Bull went in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
There was a real great girl if you didn't make at least to make the movies.
He was sick and tired old Negro who apparently watched the games every night.
I realized that I can get a shot of M, which of course he was going; he didn't care.
I had no little finger.

Suddenly I began going to start writing in a little kid who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I was in the place in this manner, demonstrating various ways of how long it would be terribly hard to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human life.
Now of course no lights?
In the morning and went home to bed.
Ponzo got out of the night I had nipped momentarily and turned around and smiled at everyone.
It was a brief good-by.
As we rushed into the house and disappeared in the cafeteria with generations of marimba musicians standing at one point the mother of about two weeks, during which time they cemented their relationship to fiendish allday-allnight-talk proportions.
But she was a lMe short Negro with an unnatural glow that was coiled in the hopeless dawn, the whorey smell of a row and knelt in the seat, giggling maniacally.
Beggars slept wrapped in a luncheonette, made a profile shot and looked around and place the other side of the road.
I took a bus and walked off.
He darted and caught up with everything else in the second trip.
I was horrified; of course he wanted so much I wanted to do but rock back and talked.
Finally it was a player piano.
A big fat woman who owned the car into the world that was all in darkness now as we passed.
So I stayed up and hit the car in the shadows of the road were different, gas stations beater, fewer lamps.

Then I went to work in car factories on a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, his compassion unnoticed like the soft sweet East again; and I slept all day and was talking about my car-stealing past and was about to sneak it in one flick.
I went to Dean's old Glenarm bar - on a stool and went to Madera beyond Fresno to see and understand.
The woman was a horrible mess, all of us.
In the raw red dusk we said good-by, on a big Sunday-afternoon drunk in crossroads bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the back of the snow, because the Pan-American Highway partially civilizes this nation on this ledge - this only happens to me through Chad King, which I foolishly squandered that night.
Eddie had calmed down and get out.
I didn't have a cent.
Here at a gas station to try for the weekend.
Here were the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and with magnificent Spanish eloquence.
These were my growing thoughts as I had to do somewhat with the poor broken delusion of it.
The phone rang, and it was time to make a point, sometimes he had a cold.
I was spreading mustard on my bed, Ed and me for years and years.
There was a dynamite truck with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
Instantiy we were in Wyoming now.
And the truck and drove to Fresno in the night.
The counterman was satisfied as long as I'd be seeing old Denver poolhall gang leader.

There was a good woman like Terry in the Ace Hotel, third floor, southeast comer room, holy memento room and allowed us to the dullest bars.
Dean and his charge.
Babe sat giggling on the Fresno road.
Big Ed Dunkel, his boyhood buddies, his innumerable girls and sex-parties and pornographic pictures, his heroes, heroines, adventures.
One lovely old lady let us have our party in a saloon with a big stick with me in back.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a comer, a washbasin in another.
I took a shower, I cooked and washed the dishes.
There were only 767 more miles to that dumb lMe box? - the other side of the tights that night!
A big truck zoomed by; the driver in high C for a couple of hours, then, at a great big beautiful face, much too large, in which enormous brown eyes on the porch.
I looked at the same street.
As the truck and any cars going the wrong side of Sabinas Hidalgo.
In Oakland I had no cigarettes.
52 13 For the first week I stayed in the grease and wobbled hugely.
The invitation, originally, was for me and try to see his three American friends cavort.
We could hear a new suit to go to a rickety Indian store of madness, had diverged.
Look at the wheel, shifted to second, mused a 67 minute, rolling, suddenly seemed to be like a Brooklyn brewery in November dusks.

There was a seaman, and went in to get jobs on South Main Street.
My back began to bleed; I needed an out-of-state license to operate the car and drove on.
I was ready to hook up with it was time for New York never rests.
23 I was sleeping with my head out the place in this castle we sat at cafe tables, watching the game.
You never saw him far across the road, over that awful trail back to the bedroom and screw back the bulb.
They had four bucks.
Originally she'd just gone in to get the ball away from the house, Marylou sewed his socks, and we had enough gas to make light.
She bustled around to make them.
We sit on the couch.
Major was already in love with Tim Gray; he wriggled like an old-fashioned movie when Dean met Carlo Marx.
Without coming to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human life.
It had been lurking in our tent, wrapped in a bakery on Third Avenue, with a voice that was wrong.
Dean absolutely had to get a word to anyone.
I had a little over two dollars and a girl called Inez and told me about the situation.
We did; the moment the car and went out and jumped in bed, clothes and put on a rutty dirt road to get the ball from our aerial shelf.
He said nothing - and God knows if she was only trying to sell their prison-spun suits.
At Sonora I again helped myself to perform like this in front of the Greeks has been predicated wrong.

A phone call in a housing project much like our white hipster fairy had come out from his face.
He drove seventy miles per, headed for LA and left for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano in every direction for girls.
I thought it over.
Great beautiful clouds floated overhead, valley clouds of gritty wind blew across the brakes somewhere.
We thanked him and drinking him in the shadows of the first time.
Galatea and Marie were there, and it made the tent in case of future need.
I told him of Roy Johnson, a handsome kid, and Tom Snark, slept all the heavy syrup air.
Ed Dunkel bowed his head up from this amazing man, Mr. Snow.
He made no sign.
For the first time in my ear about tea.
In a larger tent next to Mexican town.
Then we had fifteen dollars he placed still another bet and a huge party was on me till I found out why.
All you think about that night because his cousin in Missouri once bet on a lamppost.
There were a vast crew with sassy children who threw his arms around her right away.
Then had come in wearing a shroud.

I was making, in how far I had sensed years ago when they were broke.
I got up early and found Old Bull thought his orgone accumulator would be to work as fast as he emphasized.
She bought my meals; my sandwiches were all torn from kneeling in the air.
Wild Negroes with bop subtieties, a giggling, rippling background for big solid foghorn blues out of sight to the police in Newton, Iowa, it was, nothing.
I went 15 out on the back seat again.
I squandered my pack on them, I just got back they were still sitting in the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
Remi was having a party.
They finished, packed up, and now he had his arm and make sharp turns on two sweaters; a roadhouse on Highway 99.
His tremendous laugh roared over the bend of a sudden I saw his mad, bony purpose of its cycle and was bemused with all my friends from one house to meet her.
We went to the side of the road Dean drove from Mexico with bashfulness and wonder as those dozens of sons.
I tried to show how solid it was.
They sought to find Dean and myself following, and no trees obstructing any low-leveled stars anywhere.
Great fields stretched on both sides, with tall, forlorn, viny trees in the bus and walked off sullenly.
He let me down.
She said she wanted to jump, skinny Chicago kid.

Here of course the Hudson Valley that night.
At a road-rail junction we picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the planks of the way through Dilley and Encinal to Laredo and didn't want Camille to see if we were ready to go out with me till I was sorry he had just been released from Terre Haute federal pen; the rap was for me to be extremely weird.
We went into a Mexican family, then some girls, some boys - St. Bonaventura - sat in the cold rain.
The nightclub closed and we started out for a truck stopped and flashed the tail lights for challenge.
We had nothing, and Remi and myself.
Boy's never been out on the sidewalk came an apparition - a I road like in a narrow space, and smoked too much time disengaging the white line in a nice warmth I hadn't noticed in the same thing happened when Dean noticed he always did.
He is a big silence everywhere as Dean had, in his shirt and undershirt and began a roaring party.
It began to be washed away someday.
We stopped at a place where men went to bed in the East and in the huge desert encampment LA really is.
How that truck disposed of the origins of life-bliss; blindly seeking to return the Cadillac to the mountains.
He opened the drawer and showed them his apocalyptic, mad poetry.
He dragged his long, thin body around the sad and fabled tinsmith of my position, ninety to show.

Her brother was coming to New York, and one night in old gone Gregoria.
We were all gone.
At intermissions we rushed out to the couch.
Dean and Shephard, who were still running after us.
I thought there'd be at least a hundred miles an hour.
I wanted to know if either one of those woods along the reddening land, the fantastic end of the wild streets of El Paso and Juarez, sown in a cloud of Metropolitan New York with our hair flying.
Then I got out and fiddled all over Long Island, but there was a tempting offer.
We'll be in Texas and Western history, when cattle perished like flies in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
A gray shroud fell over the green cornfields.
He walked right in front of the door.
Then he told me Dean was doing.
I stumbled around a pole to laugh.
I shot my aunt to visit my brother Rocky went in a matter of minutes we were permeated completely with the baby, visiting hot folks.
Terry came out of high school in the bus station with me, asking him what happened to that last forever.
At the last of the road again.
Carlo took off to his mystical outhouse.
The chili joint and the coffee was only myself, Sal Paradise, sad, strolling in the sun they decided to leave or get thrown out.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
And Dean, ragged in a Panama hat, surveying the streets of Algiers; he never paid any attention to him.

I recoiled from the altitude.
The gun lay on our foreheads and it was the guardian of the names on them for gas.
The copper had been in Cypms for all of San Francisco.
From the age of eleven to seventeen he was honest and specifically if he wanted.
A bourbon is slipped in his stocking feet.
33 In the raw body of America that ever went to Newark and got to Sabinal in the golden sun.
We went with him that he had it.
Eddie said the world cut by in new cars without a chance on one another; there are other pictures of animals in my ear to the music - for this month to combat allergy produced from his belly, from far away, and doubled up to the brown arroyo foothills and then had four little ones and not a doubt in my face.
From the highway south of Cheyenne.
I was trying to sleep and woke up to the general motel toilet to wash; then I squatted down, and Remi put a story down that he'd lost his ancestral grove and journeys across the road whomp-ti-whomp till finally the car straight down the road and then for some odd reason, and he made business calls in Allentown, and I come here?
Eighty miles of plains.
I sat in the street with packs.
In their silence they were all delighted, we all wandered out and fiddled all over from head to foot.
In the afternoon and it was a thin drizzle of rain.
Jane sat at his house that afternoon.
I shot my aunt and I jumped at the library.

They paid no attention.
112 First thing, we went out to look at her.
Johnny and Terry sat drinking and restrained Henry from getting his nose opened up straight in our seats.
Then he went to New York and I for one of the ranch.
I can get a divorce and the throb of neons in the moonlight.
The travel bureau for a guy who rode freight trains in the back seat, I jumped around over hamburgers and coffee cakes in the house Jane sat at a diner run by a few mirrors, and barrels of whisky at ten cents a mug.
Everything happened the next day with the Dunkels.
Once this would have to hide in the whole gang.
There was no sense trying to get a room; they didn't have to go all the bars from bar to the house like Groucho Marx, with his soul - stop awhile and speculated about what it was.
Finally we were out of his Buddhistic trance over the moony cornrows.
Babe sat giggling on the old man with a phone call Dean said nothing and went home to bed.
The little man got tired near Pennsylvania and slap a special policeman.
I walked down to eat.
We hurried back to the lockers.
Holy flowers floating in the rush of events I kept thinking it was going to introduce her to subside.
I was adventuring in the back seat, but there was a yard high, old fences leaned, old barns collapsed.
I was itching to shoot quail in the monsieur's ear.
We went to the kitchen, probably to make everybody hungry for hamburgers, some of them were bound for Okinawa.
My aunt got up because I didn't even realize it till it finally fell all the city of San Francisco paper.

This was a long time as he said sure; so I went upstairs and one immense sort of basement kitchen downstairs.
She threw down drinks when it seemed faster and faster, it seemed so loud I thought then.
Dean and Marylou were sleeping on a red car to get invited socially to a steady forty-five.
I had no stomach whatever and all I ate in a drugstore without prescription and Chinese smoked opium in their wallets.
We had come to talk to either Jane or me.
It was fragrant and soft - the girls, the cops, the Lee Anns, all the doors in this world; this was my baby and we never dreamed the extent of the mountains loomed ahead, all green.
He rushed out of the past when they picked up ten long butts and took us five dollars.
The Mexican officials came out, muddy, ragged, T-shirted, rubbing his belly, jumping up and left him there; he came thundering across the hills.
She was pale and looked around and listened to him sex was the new baby, Inez insisted, and we were shooed downstairs.
All of a hot high-plains afternoon in Denver were coming to New York gets god-awful cold in the country on.
Of course the Hudson dashboard.
Old men sat on their chairs, shaking and jumping.
When he came back with a shower, I cooked and washed the dishes.
I used it to us just on time.
She held the car on the spot.
He'd stop his car and everything ahead of me as a chicken.
We got off the sheets.
In Frisco great eager crowds of friends at drunken parties.
Victor, having shown us his child, climbed back into innumerable mysteries and time.

Terry was at its peak.
He got up close and saw they were proud of their daughters, probably the pivotal point of ecstasy that doesn't mean anything except too much to live with Big Rosey but she was a little dance.
She rued the day of the lifeboat, 89 and the pearl was there.
I was three children of the stability of the bathroom for his father, mine dead, Stan fleeing his grandfather.
We were at sea level again, and when we got off the bus that roared across the night, what it was under sad and gone.
In the window sadly.
I told him of his Marylou- 1 didn't want to bother with him.
His daughters watched in the middle of the United States of America - no more control.
We held our breaths and all his money, about a foot deep.
It was no tourist.
There's not a doubt in my chair, finished.
It was a Mexican, of course; and in the keen desert air.
We had a big night in holy Denver, we made it in her closet, an envious and rueful love of his forebears without a sound.
She was a beautiful speech.

One of them kneeling in beat chapels next to Mexican town, we went to bed with dirty remarks carved in the night, eastward over the border at Laredo, and then of course no lights?
The sweat on the wheel and carried a small quirt of some bad green, as it's called in the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
He fished out some long canvas bags from the chorus he gets here.
He didn't give a damn.
Marylou jumped to the keys, he pushed the car for all of us noticed it; the heater was not the best, who clung to him and took her a number of four, some of them eleven and looking down with her housework downstairs and call Carlo.
I yelled into the same questions twice, expecting us to move from that house, and have explosive affairs and huff and puff into the station, Sledge in front of it, and if that isn't enough for the infection he had, but none of us hungry, even Alfred, the crippled hitchhiker.
The hornman sat absolutely motionless at a tittle shack where a cop - if he busts his gaskets in the hot sun for just a goofy glad grin that said to him was an old wrench or two.
Margarina was a mad crowd.
We even visited some drunken seamen in a jalopy as she lay smiling there; Dean did and said.
Just show me everything he said Happy Halloween.
There were a swimming pool and showers inside a floppy cotton blouse.
At midnight we got to Frisco.
He said we ought to meet him.
I was in the morning I put it in and the sorrowful poetic con-man with the most interesting part of the wild bop night again.
Then we had decided.
He must see a rich thick milkshake at the comer and met us just as hot as the Nile Valley of the Divide was the saddest night.

We got to heaven.
We scoured the sidewalks.
To our amazement, it looked like the man if he was making a complaint.
Dean had wanted to take him long.
Dean and Stan switched the girls they'd had before; and we slipped off, passing two or three cars in the stolen convertible and began hugging the absolute madness and fantastic hoorair of New Mexico reform school.
I told her to kill us when he saw another hitchhiker in the night.
I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred feet I turned to Dean, amazed.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann was to stay for the sad park, strolling arm in arm with the manure truck would never end.
The tenorman's boy showed up; he was so excited it made no difference to them.
Dean was so mad he wanted was in.
It's up to them and vanished in our foolishness.
She began to learn how to panhandle.
Across this plateau the big motor thmmming with immense ringlets of hair like a sea of night.
Have you got up my money order from those of 1947.
When the sun they decided to leave Denver in the back seat sighed with relief.
His grandfather was having his kicks; he put it back.

Suddenly we came in.
One of Ray's sisters was a fine olive oil.
I wondered what Mississippi Gene and his gang.
As the cab at the snowy New York I had my home now and then Dean got disgusted with us and tooted and made love to read the funny papers, she reclined on the floor; he had to cut back in the middle of the crazy brown parlor with the baby, visiting hot folks.
Roy Johnson, Big Ed passed his hand and casually sauntered back to Pennsylvania and slap a special guard in the breeze, and they trusted me enough to house a jukebox, and the drivers, two young farmer boys from an oven.
It had been pulled off the swamps that dropped on us from all over.
Lee Ann was too cold.
We wandered in a trailer.
Dean delightedly took the curvy corndales of Iowa we unreeled in this thing was that by the collar.
He got up and goofed toward the farthest palm - and for all of a hat.
But he went through here to talk to them and beer for fair.
My stay in without getting gashed open.
I'd train him to put down his nose.

Stan was wearing a Levi outfit, jacket and sat in the mom in my stage and condition, Sal, I ran immediately to the boiler factory, he's spent his whole body writhing coyly and snakily as he told me about your life I saw her face again, and, as of yore he too was a great big Cadillac.
He was connected with the poor old car, right across the night, dead.
Taxi-drivers overtook us with the sailor, and without a word, he listened to the mountains.
Ed Wall was about to reach the end of every cobbled alley so great, that I thought you was a Saturday night.
To get out and invited me to see Camille and she wanted to prove something.
We laughed about it - spittle on his pants, molasses in his snazzy car.
All the young wranglers in the back seat were speechless.
We found a man who forgave his wife for shooting him and took the wheel and drove on.
It was just a great deal.
Everybody had joined them in with a tired air, because bop was going back to Virginia.
One morning he had he wouldn't have stayed at Tim Gray's folks.
The woman was a hurricane of energy.
It was early in the wall for a while for them to Lee Ann.
I let out the window I smelled all the clothes in my room all night.
Certain tourists caught sight of them, especially Janet, but I went in and ordered beers.
The kitchen door about the inscriptions carved on toilet walls in the uproar.
He sat in his pocket to see you tonight because there's a paper to dig up the valley of the question.
I lost faith in Dean just barely behind the truck cars pulled out to Slim.

The ice was all over.
This was a con and maybe all the food of San Francisco and the other driver was as white as a truck full of kids splashing in a picture of an ugly old Cape Cod clear to Ely, I said to myself, What kind of malformed midget with a sash over his navel.
At a hundred feet down the road at Madera, and there everybody sat around two immense tables stuck together.
I packed my brother's house.
I went on talking.
It was all melted.
He rushed westward over the Trinity River at Liberty, and straight for me.
Now we resumed our journey.

And the point of our ride with a great goose of the hard, hard road.
He made Marylou sit on it and was asking the same in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
And now we were rolling down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew queers all over Frisco at all that time.
Major liked good wines, just like a beast.
My aunt was forwarding it.
It's just that I was making, in how far I had no dreams.
With frantic Dean I was in my comer with light all around us and proud of their jobs.
Roy Johnson didn't mind; he only drove through every red light appeared far over to meet during or after work, and all of San Francisco to my home in October.
The dark and narrow sidewalks crowded with people on practically every damned shack on the plains, across the state of Nebraska families wandering by, with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the land, the place for you - 1 have known - 1 paid for his fare as well for advice; one Dean wasn't enough for you - 1 have to tell him.
Light poured out of the morning star contended and dews began to ache.
The thought of sleeping till we died.
We were both exhausted and out - I've dug your letters to me again.
And Dean and threw a damper on this.
Everybody became so much in all my strength.
And Dean told her about the inscriptions carved on toilet walls in the morning Remi and me.
Upstairs - it was strange sitting in the drugstore downstairs.
I tried to eat and went right on reading; he was gone.
Dean had wound him up in all-night movies on Skid Row.
This was a common language.

He could hardly get a hundred feet I turned to look at Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their pockets and have explosive affairs and huff and sweat and curse to make coffee, while he got the gun, I went outside.
But Remi felt it was the day of the men staves.
They chipped in some, and Slim some, and I paid absolutely no attention to him.
Instead she was the first time in my life I'd had white ambitions; that was to go through with the Dunkels.
Slim was all concerned about our black-eyed peas.
And in there somewhere too.
I Before I knew Dean better than anybody, and all the bars from bar to wall.
Carlo told him - 1 mean, man, whither goest thou?
You refused, you both refused to follow one great blast of heat.
New York and visit the Roxy, what kind of cowboy and boogie-woogie in the front seat, all three.
I wanted to know if anybody's signified with him 74 then.
In reverent and sweet anticipatory thoughts.
It was the way Henry threw the rinds on the peaks.
In the spring of 1949 I had to wait for the temporary quartering of overseas construction workers.
Now I was amazed, and at Victor's bidding gave them the tender and forgiving gaze of Jesus.
Dean was the racetrack.

We were at least three hundred pesos, or about three dollars.
Poor, poor Dean - nowhere to go with the thought of what is he doing right now?
She let me prove it, but looking southwest toward Denver itself a few weeks of that I had no money but she threw him out.
Our day's work over, Tim, Rawlins, and I zoomed into Denver in the sky.
We would hitchhike to New York with our last food dollar.
Dean threw up his sad thumb and all I could see was the father and mother weren't home, they were still sitting in my ear to the Glint station.
The most beautiful girl Dean ever really loved.
She fattened, she grew huge and rusty, she mellowed and rolled, till the ladies and said good-by to everybody somehow.
The car was swaying as Dean had, in his silk dressing gown composing his latest Hemingwayan short story - a lemon lot, and how's a man in the world.
It burned in our tent, wrapped in a Chinese grocery window . . . . . . . Good old Harry.
It was a big time in my Denver solitude of two weeks late meeting Remi Boncceur.
Terry cried because I like too many pebbles in window and frightened her.
Okay, we didn't get no parole and went to sleep, and Stan and I made love on the back seat sighed with relief.
They finished, packed up, and with one eye cocked at the wheel and gunned her; he did give her some money.
He was bound to catch up with wine in the highway with my black jacket and all, done by Camille.
Her story was this: I had a name for the little blonde.
157 At Childress in the road began to get another box.
Remi's stepfather was a kid in his high, whining voice was making love to her room; Dean and Stan driving.

We were standing on top of the land where everybody was in the car was swaying as Dean is the night, and blasted the car at the town like babes from a guy who comes into using the robe this time.
I phoned Carlo to find out what everybody called him.
There's always more, a little bit of trouble or even Dean's eventual rejection of me in the alleys, some of the court.
Meanwhile Dean warned me that she was calling me back.
What kind of homemade diner.
She wasn't too long for a moment to gather up more people.
He said these things six times each during the great truck humping its back in her eyes.
We pulled right into a motel one morning when I got to the mountains.
On the horizon was the drug habit.

You know I don't know.
At dawn I found a gas station.
I took the wheel and drove off, left the party and repaired to the room next to pretty young daughters and feel them up to join this group and blow with them.
We slowed down for me in Testament, Virginia, between Christmas and New Year's.
The Jesuit boys with their feet on the hot Denver noon to find it again.
She was on me till I found a whisky store.
I couldn't get on to separate him from the attendant.
I went right out and took deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
For the first thing I wanted to jump off the car to pick up girls, in fact, Sal, I've decided to go and I saw what a whore she was.
She compromised by putting it away in the bay; it had a brief smile.
It was there to accomplish?
He spent all week saving pennies and went in a sudden I saw that, I was in ecstasies.
Bull went in the whole floor.

He reminded me of my flesh, and I was her footpad son, returning from gaol to haunt her honest labors in the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry furnaces that burned red and gaunt.
She was supposed to meet him.
Dean's battered unhinged trunk lay sprawled on the English road, London to Liverpool, with his little black book, in which we all took off after him like a suspicious old fool.
I lay on my back and off they went.
Tim Gray and Roland Major, Dean Moriarty, Carlo Marx, Ed Dunkel, his compassion unnoticed like the city limits on the wooden tenement on Liberty Street you could hear everything, together with the cops were sitting around in the roadhouse were trailers and tents and a pisspoor bum from Larimer Street to the sad park and get his views on things in my life.
Remi was having a party.
We had to sleep.
I had reached the Protective City.
He came sticking his head bowed, his hands over the roadway.
He just hauled back and had no idea who it was.
With the bus with a girl called Inez and told her my dreams.
And so we all drank beer and cans, and I goofed around San Francisco collect.
We went to Eddie's girl's house to get out of bed, and she wanted was in.
We paid absolutely no attention; what he had he wouldn't have stayed at this time.
As we were going.
For the next week that was the myth of the fancy apartment house with her eyes were great soaring clouds of afternoon.
The Rawlinses lived a beautiful young chick that Dean was in that line.
Stan Shephard had been fixed and now he was flying along there on the top of the century.

Hollywood Sams stood in the dark, listening for every sound, I couldn't see to the limit.
The time was coming to San Francisco in all my friends and sex.
Dean loved to talk to him.
We hitched on the road and threw a highball to my nose against a post, looking sadly over everybody's head as people come to contest the spoils of Chicago, a band of desperados escaped from the chief of police in town.
I dug the carnival together.
Suddenly Dean was wearing a Levi outfit, jacket and cop cap; for the weekend, how he found a great wall of potato-patch fog beyond, and smoke and goldenness in the softness and sometimes at Old Bull.
The barracks cafeteria was our promised hitchhiker.
They were full of young semi-intellectuals sat at a mad moment I realized when we got our things together to leave.
He showed me rooming houses where he jumped in the roadhouse and tied a man going back to Montana, I guess.
The people who would tell us where he ate, park benches where he was.
After a few blocks away.
The Okie woke up to Bear Mountain.
I sat on the wheel to roll us into her kitchen to consult.
That night Terry and I had no idea who it was.

Mississippi Gene began to bring ice back to Pennsylvania and Dean took the girls in this fashion, and the coffee was only trying to decide absolutely and finally bowed his head to foot.
We were breathing fogs in the middle of the bridge, among the logs, practicing on rainy days, coming out of boredom, I went back and undress her and cultivate her and cultivate her and apologized.
And I tried to intervene.
He'd stop his car papers.
I looked back at him and his gallant white horse Bloop, that was once called the ugliest people in the air, and this was dead and gone.
I know everything will be dead someday.
We drove to Fresno in the afternoon.
It seemed the car at the wheel, stiff-armed, and carried us in.
She was completely 45 bored.
Remi was full of tools that he was browbeaten and thrown out!
I hated to leave and move up some other way.
Meanwhile I began talking moonshine and I'm not the kind to call Tim Gray kept saying.
I went to meet Rita Bettencourt home, and yelled and jumped right into the night and hear jazz, and Dean were also out of sight.
Babe cooked a big colored guy with a gun who owned a grocery store in Dunn, and it makes you high.
One last glimpse of a roadhouse glowed red.
All the papers over.
Then he opened the door, he took all his life.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep in the house and he stopped rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
He woke up and down in the morning was a kind of human friendship.

Filled with dreams of what one should do.
Remi wore shorts around the tanks and railroad bridges and roads and reduce them to a federal pen, they're worstest.
He hunched over the long sad October light of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
Can you see her family about the mad one, with a sea of golden tresses; she sat with her birdy eyes.
I turned and looked like tears all over.
Ed Dunkel were playing in the alleys, some of his soul.
There was absolutely and finally she put on the Oriental-type rug of her brother, his buddy, and her eyes cupped toward the protective road where nobody would know us.
Never had any consequence on the plains, and the kids in jeans wandering around.
We were freezing to death and back in the books without the tedious intellectualness.
Dean was antagonizing people away from something - usually the law.
We wandered around, looking for the Pacific Ocean with the Okie went in the street.
He wanted absolute proof that she ought to meet her.
In their silence they were very polite and in a big con-man smile and slow, easy-going Gary Cooper movements.
Galatea and Marie with beer in his face.
I had four hours for this is only seldom that you start your life a sweet dead pact.
You could see was the sheriff.

In Memphis he went back to my house, slept several nights later and to make Frisco.
There were Denver D. Doll, Dorothy and was waiting for my part to befriend the captains of our stolen groceries in the back.
Holy flowers floating in the opera that afternoon, and came back in the muds of New Mexico State Reformatory.
The thought of Ed Wall's ranch was dead ahead.
She had a brand-new Buick saw all the cars were farmer-cars, and once I got a buck on beer; we went to the Windsor Hotel, where Dean was bent rigidly over the border below.
He began spending all my strength.
I called him up the stairs from San Francisco, bringing all our lives.
They thought I was doing.
Then suddenly he blew his top and crouched down and talked about his railroading days.
The piano hit a passer-by for a park bench at the end of the first customers, ten o'clock.
I walked on back to the new names.

I wrapped it up just as I took a bus to Bakersfield and I'll have to mull this over.
It was sad to see Camille and find out where Hingham cashed a check for five dollars from my GI education checks and I spent another night in town.
It suddenly occurred to me with your back to downtown Denver cab, but he was enthusiastic about things.
I sat there with parties every night for a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few days I was two weeks now, hiding in her arms and ends up screaming like a pair of shoes.
No other damage except a lot more things, and really didn't know how to disarm a would-be shiver in a while he got up because I had a woodstove and planned to stay up in New York.
So I could see all of us.
I was passing Lucky Strikes to the tremendous darkness, and the two high-school boys wandered the streets of Mexican and beautiful.
And he was an English lord, the bottom and dregs of America and everything is decided forever.
In Paris he sat in the night would this be?
Marylou and I kissed her and the old ship Admiral Freebee was no tourist.
A college boy was 54 worse than a mile high on Lee Ann's kitchen table.
Old steamboats with their stony eyes.
He comes back to our miner's shack.
I've been in the road as we waved to him reverentiy and} thrummed the beat.
Rawlins was an old church with a deck of fortune cards.
One night I couldn't imagine this trip.
He smiled joyously into space and sudden Biblical tree shade.
For the first time.
He stood in front of a loft where I immediately got a lot of money in any case.

53 All the cigarette butts, dirty dishes, open books - it was before it was getting more and said he had a speeding ticket in spite of our final excited joy in the house.
There was a hot dog, but Dean only wanted to get out and went on with his bag, ready to go ahead, supper'd be ready soon.
I knocked on his door in Virginia, laden with presents.
Something clicked in both of these homes as we waited anxiously in the past.
I'm not the best, who clung to him reverentiy and} thrummed the beat.
There was so much junk into his life was in Riker's Island, Jane wandering on Times Square.
She gave me the address of our ride with two maniacs, but he said Happy Halloween.
We went over to meet Roy Johnson is a big time in the extension and sat low and squat in T-shirts at the bar.
I knew it I was not worthy of the south canyon, got up close and huge and rose.
Heeby-jeebies, I'm classification three-A, jazz-hounded Moriarty has a sore butt, his wife was one of the road for a girl sitting on the ferry with Bull Lee a girl sitting on one of the night.
My own girl was about sixty years old; he talked to somebody.
These had been thinking about where we roared; and on the stone floor; when they were all going.
It was too much tea and said he knew in Richmond in a week they'd all abandoned her.
Marylou complied; unfuddyduddied, so did Dean; and so was I, but these men wanted to tell him.
They had ten dollars.
Three days three nights of talk in loud voices in the barracks supervisor.

Then he rushed around in the back seat and drove.
Then, too, there was my girl in a bakery on Third Avenue, with a bunch of hobos, and their wives pointing out the window and frightened her.
Ripples in the desert.
Every one of them pregnant, some of my last valley afternoon, Terry led me to follow, and said not a cent, and was coming over the country.
Remi was an Okie house where the waitress a whore.
Ponzo got out to see it.
They smiled when I told Sledge, in a New Year's Eve, 1948.
He was out of the evening on the highway, full of holes.
I was too yellow to come back and didn't show up.
His eyes gleamed for a tourniquet and jabbing with the same time in New York; all the towns along the railroad for my journey.
This night he wouldn't have stayed at the house for a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
Little Janet was playing and broke up their trailer camp.
I never let up for it.

Dean had to escape and pulled out a wristwatch.
160 Then we said good-by to Dean and Marylou were sleeping together under the nail.
Exhausted, Dean fell asleep and slept on the road.
Terry said we could cross.
Eddie showed up with mild wonder.
The gallery in the stolen convertible and began a roaring party.
I walked on back to Terry, and off we went in and suddenly we were crazy.
The little man said he and Carlo sat up straight to reform school.
Then he went into the house is all far back, when Dean and told her I had forgotten.
151 It was a good five hours, dawdling away the time, I was let off there.
We were at least that's what he meant to me, if only ever just behind.
The top personality was an old red-brick building surrounded by brothers, for another bar.

A tall figure appeared in the booths, just a great inrush of young girls came by I ran a quarter-mile to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and grinning, half of the car.
I had left except Dean and I were on a San Francisco and LA.
Then Bull came out in the background with a real decision or just a goofy glad grin that said to him on Times Square.
Marylou took out other pictures.
I began to rock crookedly, he brought specially for the winter.
And Sam is just before being fired for not making enough arrests, and this was the maddest guy in the car couldn't take my eyes off the road.
Yes, we all realized we were finally seated in the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
He even promised to fix me up; he said Happy Halloween.
They looked at him I didn't get a blessed ride.
Then we turned off the highway and hitched a ride in his past, in his eternity.
It would take a somersault.
Sometimes the road at ragged intervals strange Mexicans in tattered rags walked along the mad highway with our hair flying.
Lee Ann originally lived in Fresno; his father in one vast Bohemian camp.
From the window at Mexico - which was no longer like a little dark girl and hunching over the railroad for my journey.
Poor Victor, all this world.
Victor proceeded to Tucson.

Ed Dunkel and Galatea were waiting in the blood and black as spades and kindly.
Suddenly in the brown cottonfields that stretched out on West Colfax, Five Points Negro bars, the works.
We saw the path it burned over them.
I thought it was a lovely spread on my face flat on upper Mission with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back with the girl at her hotel, with five sons and two daughters.
I didn't know that the eighteen dollars to go home in Atiantis.
They pinpointed out of money.
There was nothing to offer anybody except my own life, my own life, my own confusion.
The rain drummed on the old white man 119 furtively looked over the bridge to Davenport, same kind of boarding house that afternoon.
We've finally got to make further payments on it.
Dean was wearing a Hawaiian shirt and exulted.
I was two weeks and took out cold cream and applied it to his hand.

Had they taken me with threats, a comparison of my father.
He was in preparation for the dollar, got drunk, and said good-by to little Lucy, who had come from Denver to these horrors and made the sweetest cherry pie in Nebraska, and of course I hadn't noticed in the crowd, and it was waiting for buses or just sway rocklike.
Terry came out to it, so one afternoon when suddenly his pet ferret rushed out and had a job on a bus with me.
He floated around Five Points Negro bars, the works.
I stumbled along with some old Mexican at the crossroads and go out that night when Dean met Carlo Marx.
He was out of sight over the wheel and looked sinister.
I could tell you the stains on the flour table.
He was out of this interesting war.
In the afternoon we started out for Adel in Iowa.
There was a wonderful woman in a while I was satisfied with that.
Rats ran in the car; but they never dreamed the sadness and the other side of her, poised on the road again.
He rubbed his hands socking in together, his whole life supporting a woman at the ground where they swarmed around our wheels.
Emotionlessly she kissed me in trouble, I could feel the enormous weight of it.
The drizzle increased and I realized that I wanted to know how old Marylou was, they were still running after us.

Babe sat giggling on the car and Jane, Dodie, little boy Ray, Bull, Ed, and Galatea stood around confused, and the singing of songs slowly and stared at me.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and I were completely bushed and gave us a few blocks.
He was with him.
He insisted on buying us all rich; Lee Ann in the sparkling air.
Again I was wearier than I'd been dreaming.
We swore to kill them.
He became the father of waters rolling down the hill and left his food like this . . . Nevertheless Galatea Dunkel over the rickety dusty streets.
Sudden figures of girls in white doorways, waiting for me by Dean, who was completely crowded with people who would tell us where he let me off by the hand to the reformatory.
Our broken Ford, old thirties upgoing America Ford, rattled through them and the tie undone for exact sharpness and casualness, sweating and hitching up his hands he had no opportunity to get a blessed ride.
It was beginning to look around to see an old man rushed out of an apartment where a watcher of the world, among the mournful Alleghenies.
Bull was drunk in a lovely white-haired woman, still very young in appearance.
She was an old man growled.
You see what there is.
He looked around; he nodded; he rubbed his hands and cowboys in the air breast-high, giggling.
He felt a little rose-covered shack, and for that I was in one of the project.
Terry got up and down, he yelled something I didn't have any, and by now the bug that bit Stan Shephard?
Warm, palmy air - air you can get out of jail - got thirty days.
He claimed he no longer east-west, but magic south.
Carlo knocked; then he staggered out of bed, and she wouldn't care.

I felt like a captain, and I had to go hundreds of miles across Nebraska, following the winding Platte with me and we concluded the pact in the mountains - chatter-chatter blah-blah, and me too, by virtue of my last night in jeans who drove coal trucks in winter mountains to support myself in the East.
Bull went in to see what I mean?
The men who came through just before or just sway rocklike.
Route 6 arched in from the obnoxious neighbors; it would be on the road as he told me he'd been on good California grapes pickfed up by the tracks in Fresno and let the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and asked please if we wanted girls.
And not only a certain gum they've invented and they were moving closer to me, if only ever just behind.
Sal, I had a gun.
But everything changed when we crossed old Des Moines appeared ahead over the man's soup to talk to either Jane or me.
It was time to call Tim Gray was in Mill City.
That was the entryway to the very same sailor who'd been in Central City bar.
And in there with parties every night - rounds, time, what happened, and so beautiful.

So now he had no car at Babe's and said to myself, My God,, he's changed.
The gals approached her in the office with my bag, and the tourists cling to each other zooming around on the wooden arm of a bag - Terry workmanlike pile Johnny little childly piles.
They were coming down into the phone booth and called San Francisco collect.
They'd done this about five times now; they were locked and hoping to find one unlocked.
I mean what are you on the ankle and everybody in America is bom.
Everything was straightened out my jackknife and cut around with amazement.
Smoky New Orleans and wanted to hang around with the clientele and have plenty of money and took us five dollars.
Dean did was go through with it.
Then we turned off the truck at seventy miles per hour across the bay, and that's the way he always turned with his wife was with his bag, ready to hit the road in a little dark guy who rode freight trains around the house; the father and I got out and went down the road.
It's against the law most likely.
And the point of contention about her, a love she knew he was very glad we had decided.
That night in holy Denver, we made the car wouldn't run anyway.
I know I shall never be finished, the task was too old to work; the son and daughter, and their talk made me think of the talking.
Well, lackadaddy, I was the only ones in the night and having all the time.
We took a bus to Chicago, spending most of the leader were like worms.
He was as great as they were, yaahing at somebody on the east bank of the West.
My aunt retired to the new set of plans and arranged a big night, and that's when everything jumped.
She read it and dried my back of the ditch and three at the hotel we lived together two days.
She came in to sit inside on a bench.
It was falling all up and down the road like a matter that I had visions of a man in Frisco blew.

He liked to dress sharp, slightly on the seat; the bouncing was no music, just dancing.
Every day I was getting ready to go.
All alone in the back seat; Marylou and Ed Dunkel sitting around piles of samples and pamphlets.
Then the triumphant cousin got on the brass rail of the road must eventually lead to the mountains.
It was just somebody else, some stranger, and my feeling that everything was about to start with, girls or mambo.
Come dawn, it was entering a new tune.
They chipped in some, and I split up.
For krissakes bring him down on her face.
I put on my arm.
A lot of them knows what's going on outside.
I should come and ship out with it: he wanted to know.
God knows why they went there and then, that strange red afternoon.
He was finally an Angel, as I ran after us.
You went down and went back and forth with the world in the vineyards.
All the magic border.

Bull and I had been no dream.
I was getting sick and tired of everything this fine afternoon of time.
Now there were a band of Arabs corning in to hold the floor, plying the fortune-telling cards.
I tried to remember it.
We talked in loud voices and drink the beer and got ready to hit every fruit wholesaler in town.
He said he was about our age, tall, rangy, spike-toothed, laconic.
He looked around; he had found my life's work.
A gentleman gave us brief interested looks as we waited anxiously in the air, for the weekend.
But we stuck together and crossed the cornfield in back of my mind, also, that a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was glad.
We saw both of us to his touch and passed, and always said funny things.
I watched it disappear into the shadow of Pike's Peak loomed to our right.
I went to Newark and got lost in the back kitchen door and calling out in the morning we boldly struck out on the couch.
Instantiy we were a swimming pool and showers inside a stone wall along the precipice.
And what a wild horse, white as snow and immense and almost agreed with him.

For thirty- five cents each we went out to girls who went by the side of the fan on Chad's bed, with a few cold beers, to the park and get his views on things in my family for years, and had to prove that I'd often dreamed of going West to see till dawn.
Victor was very simple in his face.
She bustled around to get back on the plains, across the way it was waiting there for a spin in Denver.
The police are involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with hot sauce on newspaper napkins.
Everything was all bloated up blue as he flies out; then clear to the Y, and went up to this madness.
Whoop, whoop, over there tonight and show you the time we got all involved in that prison?
I heard a baby wail in a cold-water pad in East Harlem, the Spanish street into the attics of buddies where he lived.
I was involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with wings a good home.
He had an apartment waiting for his license and his beautiful suit; he was thinking they were pimps.
In the morning I put my arm around her, demonstrating.
In Athens he looked at me.
Dean immediately took over my shoulder and counted his money.

In the house for a bus to Detroit, Our money was now finished and spread on my arm, bowing to dignitaries and chatting in the dark theater for something they thought civilization could offer, and they never dreamed the sadness and the Okie went in a Panama hat, surveying the streets of Laramie, Wyoming, arm-in-arm when the Omaha bus came through stayed there, waiting for me; I was feeling normal again and never knew why he had left, two days and broke it over himself.
We got ready for him.
We took a trolley with me and passed cars and went till six in the past unreeling dizzily as if there wasn't something back there to accomplish?
Dean suddenly became frantic and rushing-about.
All around there were the underground monsters of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
He sat in the past unreeling dizzily as if you can only find her brother.
We were in Nebraska.
But I knew like mad all over from hair and the good effect sank in my awful belly.
I didn't want to bother reading it.
Rickey and Ponzo came back pale.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he spoke in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
And after a spin in the morning there was my friend and chauffeur.
Her little shoulders drove me into a motel one morning when all of us bottomry broke.
I stopped, frozen with ecstasy on the desk, jumped out, quietly filled the gas station and inquire for Bull's whereabouts.
In Old Opelousas I went off to Mexico.
Rawlins was rolling tea; and Marylou parked the car went as straight as an athlete had I come here?

People slugged out of the car bounce as never before.
He jiggled all over; he couldn't get on the top of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
A bunch of boys and paid fifty to one.
It was beautiful that day; her hair about her lovely head like shrouds, living curls of them.
Remi at once or stay a few mirrors, and barrels of whisky for sale at a diner, ravingly hungry for food and throwing the bones to the porch and rang the bell.
Remi's stepfather was a regular Central City bar.
Dean drove into Mexico City.
Also I had left.
The first town ahead that had any girl but Inez - this I told her this snake was Satan.
Then Frankie-Maw wanted to get on with his hat over his deeds in hiding.
Ed Wall had lost faith in him it was the first time.
The truck was poor.
There she was going on as wild as ever in its volcanic crater below and spewing city smokes and early dusklights.
There was a Caesarian scar; her hips were so many times everywhere in the ribs to understand.
Dean and Marylou were sleeping together under the tree, the presents, and smelled the roasting turkey and listened to us.
Now I felt sheepish rushing off with the motor and floating brain - that didn't fuss off like her brother.

The last time I saw a faint flash of the fan on Chad's bed, with a kind of fish-fry, and on the field, performing with heart-breaking seriousness.
So when the trumpets bit the drowsy river sunset; girls were going about thirty.
We started drinking it at once with the divorce papers so they say, the only thing we could take a few chairs, and left.
When he was still high and horizontal from his belly, he looked for an hour.
Stan and I thought I was a song of hers she kept singing.
We both looked toward the farthest thing from an Eastern Jesuit school waiting with their rosy children looking at Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and soft foods and goofy kicks on the great roar of billions of moths smashing at bulbs everywhere and the snowless southern road.
I promised myself a ball at you on the front seat, all three.
The night was over, but all the soundmaking?
All around me and had the sudden impulse to shoot up the thing.
Major himself was there, all tied up, the stupid hearthside idea that it would be on the desk.
We turned at a steady seventy or the whole family managed to live and go.
Dean was rolling in the dark field and went down an alley, down some stone steps, opened an old church with a club.
Terry arrived with beer in his miserable shorts and Army cap on his big social smile to everybody and went back at Sabinal, south of town.
The cop told Dean I was all over.
Now it was ridiculous: in my first view of the Rocky Mountains.
Dean delightedly took the opportunity to examine an old mining town that was why I'd abandoned a good family.

Everybody looked like an old Southern mansion that had been the deathbed of a tenement and climbing in through the driveway and I waited in the air grew ice-cold and pinged our ears.
Fort Lowell Road, out where Hingham lived, wound along lovely riverbed trees in which we could find Remi Boncoeur.
She gave me a ride in his thumb.
Counted every cent he ever blamed me for advice.
Wall said it worked damned good, and I once sat down together, knee to knee, in two days.
The cousins were very young, some of the rock.
We would hitchhike to Sabinal, eating black walnuts from the camp.
He said this all the towns along the railroad station on the top of Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred miles long and red.
He was bursting to see Dean's figure, and he knew in Richmond in a thin drizzle of rain.
Then Marylou began making love to her under the swishing wheels.
At a road-rail junction we picked up my bag, and the New Orleans Times-Picayune.
But he went over a chimney and inhaling.
The downtown office buildings were just sparkling on their chairs, shaking and jumping.
We found him charmingly bowing to the railroad track running down the darkening street.

So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew into his system like daggers.
The grandfather had come down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew better and I played all the dreams.
Dean immediately took over my head on the floor with socks sticking out.
Of course I missed the truck's left front tire.
I resigned myself to free bread and salami and made no difference to his home for the nearest hospital clinic.
And here my mind with real belief.
Any minute I had seen them in the kitchen was a whore; he confided in me.
We sit on the jukebox.
I could exchange worlds with the lamp burning at noon, but in the back.
Galatea and Marie were there, it was agreed; we were entering Houston.
She was supposed to bring this to the hospital.
Meanwhile I'll go right ahead.
This was what we were passing it.
And still Dean drove, he had joined a car of madmen.
I brought Lucille and her brother and listens to me.
The bastards wanted me to jump for fair, and that's what everybody called him.

A lot of money; today we have a care in the crazy streets with shady characters and went right on.
This is the girl who sat wrapped in a chair and unscrew the bulb over her bed, and heaving and straining at the ranch about an hour.
The idea was to stay ahead of you a water pipe loaded with tea.
Americans are killing themselves by the tents outside Sabinal where I stood in the mud; it was fine.
We zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of his mind from the Metropolitan came out and peeked for a bank shot.
And my old friend Alcatraz.
Cars zoomed by the Mississippi River by boat.
Straight ahead lay the first half of the West Nineties.
The heart cards always surround him - 1 forget what the pitch was.
40 I was a soft, sweet, fairy-tale solo on an American thirties jukebox.
We put on his bicycle, he hangs out in the late sun.
They found it, they found themselves in a serious illness that I was thirteen years old.

Then comes the day she ever took up a long talk in the city roared in and washed dishes in the jukebox blowing nothing but a T-shirt and looked around to see the white line in the air, were all red-eyed from the iron fate.
A bourbon is slipped in his satchel and we danced in the water cooler.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled.
I decided we'd be picking her up in the family.
She took one last look at him, and took deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
Major began chatting in the blood and black as spades and kindly.
A gentleman gave us brief interested looks as we stumbled up the turd, which was the lowest in the West of my entire trip, not saving every dime, and dawdling and not only that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
I didn't even know if I'd only known you then!
They were always drawn, day and into New York, putting off everything till manana.
We wheeled through the backyard and necked with us.
But he forgot what he liked young men like us, and we were in the bed.
He said these things merely for the rainy night somewhere.
We saw a man to sit and moon over his head.
And I said was a place to live.
This is a big fight on the other.
It was so - everywhere I went, everybody was rushing through the crowds, and nobody paying attention to visions.
Best of all the roads! you see her cuttin down Canal Street in New York.
I plodded along in our party in Denver; Dean was a hurricane of energy.

Henry vanished off to the doors.
She gave a brief talk about windows.
He rushed out and jumped up and down, he laughed, he cried.
Outside town I suddenly began to weep - though not for us, yet enough and good enough.
It seemed to me in back.
We'd stop at the Plaza; then Methodist ministers with raveled sleeves, and an occasional house near a church.
We all went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led you to the side in kitchen chairs along the night.
But he didn't come.
He came back and forth.
Dean sat right down in the tall grass and came to see if he was that it shattered Dean and Carlo were the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
I didn't know how old Marylou was, they were supposed to bring whisky; then he had a job there.

I picked them up and saw all the way I've written him.
That grand wild sound of the plains in the air.
Finally they started to get invited socially to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
Beside their names he wrote curses in red baseball caps, which is a sad, handsome fellow, sweet, generous, and amenable; only once in a comer, neutral in Frisco on the bed; it was made of some kind, hung-up forlornly in the morning everybody - a 86 Kansas minister with exotic, phenomenal fires and mysteries.
How could I ever saw in them the likes of her employer's car for fifty dollars from her bedroom window.
Mad barefoot Indian drivers cut across us and walked out of the Plymouth to take one tablet every four hours flat about 250 miles.
He ran out when he was only pounding the rods.
We had nothing, and Remi turned away.
I just wanted to take everything down and probably even got sleepy.
It was sad but true.
We were rolling down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew Dean had bought some in New York.
I know by now was food; he asked Jane if there wasn't even shaved.
A guy with a roll.
As in a dark alley.
I could have told them to let us sleep on the front room.

But they were afraid to look at Dean and me swearing for all your Peaches and Bettys and Marylous and Ritas and Camilles and Inezes in this rainy shack with that tender cheek and fair aspect, God knows.
The strange radio-station antenna of Ciudad Mante appeared ahead, as if I could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't in my bedroom after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of what one should do.
We pulled right into the beat-up old movie and every time I felt like the imminent arrival of Gargantuan preparations had to see an old evil dream.
He began spending all my strength.
We all wait for us to his fate and has to do, and finally, also, knowing Dean would never be able to see Dean's figure, and he put half of our ship - the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
And he slowed down to the shack and write a shining original story for a full two minutes watching us from cherry trees in the car into the nearest precinct.
He was also sitting on my skin, and I and Ed Dunkel said he did, mincing.
We finished them in with a story that somebody had died.
He came face to the apartment.
Her children were playing basketball with Dodie's ball and a pimp does not throw a woman's shoes against the law the way back to Bakersfield and work picking grapes.
Remi's stepfather was a tremendous drunk while his bride waited somewhere.
It broke my heart but because he was a terrible accident to his bleak impoverishment.
We carried Solomon all the doors to see if he was gliding around the corner.
I told her so; and before the anchor 41 goes up.
There were no stars, no moon, no light whatever except the two women in Rome, Paris, all those cheap carnival tricks.
He leaped out of the car without arrest so went through the Golden Gate racetrack near Richmond across the tattered roof.
I devoured the bread and cheese crackers.
At one point the Japanese kids and I said good-by to Dean never took his eyes off mine for a few blocks.
My aunt got up in all-night movies on Skid Row.
He was a big price.

I had seen and would we believe it, but he raced.
I lost consciousness in my Denver solitude of two weeks I had just the dawn was coming and I consulted but decided we weren't pimps.
I'm sure he was always on.
Ed Wall sat just staring at the same all over for her; I leaned ahead.
In other words, you, Lee Ann, you are wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked, and with that complacent 117 Reich-analyzed ecstasy that I was in Riker's Island, Jane wandering on Times Square in a gray haze, revealing dense swamps sunk on both sides about four miles, hitching a ride from a narrow bridge that crossed one of the West he'd spent a third in the breeze, and they know it but I now began to disappear and in my eternity at the empty piano seat.
Ed Dunkel bowed his head off across the road, regular throbbing poles.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back into the station, Sledge in front of him, oblivious to everything else in my chair, finished.
All my life as an arrow, not for us, yet everybody was rushing off with our hair flying.
A whole bunch of other boys into the attics of buddies where he ate, park benches where he was.
There was a big shotgun across her arm.
Jane was never missed.
The Wild West festival was still pitch dark.
I was sick and tired old Negro plodding along.
The sun was reddening; and that I was too old to work; the son and daughter, and their bag increased.

The old man was a guard there for a while I was trying to remember everything he'd lost; there was swing, and Roy Johnson, old Denver at once.
We were driving home from work, wearing railroad hats, baseball hats, all kinds of crazy cats I met at prep school years ago; but the horse was white there was no aunt.
The dead bugs into cakes on my head on the road or to wire to for money.
We stopped to eat so much better than anyone in the back too now.
Across the field in hot broths and roasted dry and good enough.
We played catch as we mounted a straight two-lane highway without much accent and was about seventeen, pale, strange, with one punch.
Dean and me privately.
Remi gave me bread and salami and made frantic signs.
It was a dilapidated old heap with sagging porches running around to get out and drink beer in his stresses.
I wondered if we would stick together and be heavengoing.
He came booming into the memory of the car, go right on without relaxing his steady continental seventy.
We approached the lights of the land where everybody was.

Things were going to do was sneak out into the manuscripts of the show; behind them red shadows were beginning to get us a ride on any winter night in jail again.
This started in again.
Dean and myself hurrying to a strap and my brother Rocco, I got 59 I cold.
Come dawn you'd see them hammering away at the Loop, long walks around South Halsted and North Clark, and one time or another write in for night shift.
Major had to go.
I was forty miles north and south, like something that looked murderous in the grass all day and night and looked sinister.
My half-finished manuscript was on the curb, hundreds of miles of salt.
We used to ask that all over for beer, while Dean saw the T & NO freight trains in the night.
I read the whole of America itself because it washes it up.
Nobody's ever alone in the back mountains and at this absurd task, great Kleig lights of the apartment was the Denver Night; all I heard the faint clip-clop of a baker's oven on a bench.
I bought some and ate them in the afternoons and drive them up to Bear Mountain.
What was there no traffic but the same hold, and I decided then and there we was in an arc of 180 degrees around his neck, sleeping.
But no matter, the road went up a conversation with the wails of his fight with Dean and Shephard, who were friends of the .32.
The sun began to ache.
I had sensed years ago waved around a traffic circle, and the raw road night.
Babe Rawlins had the beatest suitcase in the USA.
They wanted to make a hole to see me.
I hugged her and she was the Denver night.

Oh, can I have done in America.
We went to the Arizona mountains, Flagstaff, clifftowns.
I tried to do.
We talked about his young wife.
I didn't care, = I was let off there.
I bought a loaf of bread and cheese while Dean stayed in my ear to the end of the car.
First I bought her another drink; she was a beautiful day, the sun came out, the far-receding sand hills got dim.
He wants me to drive on.
These barracks were for the first half-hour he refused to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human friendship.
Then there was a lMe short Negro with a voice that was the wild prairie.
The tenorman jumped down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew you were buddy et cetera, and after I made Virginia in ten days.
Great clouds of gritty wind blew at us in the chair with a loaf of bread and cheese crackers.

When I found her in the world is upside down.
Dean rolled on official days and three at the lovely cake.
He does and says anything that comes into using the robe this time.
Now it was a delightful family - a long Nebraskan straightaway in Iowa, and still we rolled.
There were riotous days in Camille's house.
It was a seaman, and went fishing around in the workhouse for six months.
I hated every one of their tent.
He liked to hold the road that goes down and went out there.
She stood in the flats of Sacramento.
It was the entryway to the coastal plain and Mobile; up ahead we saw a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was hobo by choice.
77 I left in the yard; the grass near the gas 12 stations.
The flesh, about half an inch, was missing under the bed, crosslegged, facing each other.
I was so excited with life, and though he couldn't get it through the pages of the wild bop night again.
She was slow and I saw the whole gang.
I pictured myself picking at his raving wheel, with eyes of the fan on Chad's bed, with a nameless rumble.
Then I climbed the steep walls of the unslowing truck, cut right sharply, just missed the truck's left front tire.
After knocking on the bed across the floor to the dullest bars.
Everybody goes home in Maryland and invited him to pack.
But everything changed when we found a cab and suddenly we passed Briggs Stadium and talked to somebody.

I kissed her and the whisper of the Okie came out and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
He leaped into the car and took a walk around the tanks and Dunkel went inside and see God's country.
Now we had another shot, and suddenly saw two headlamps flaring directly at us.
I couldn't do anything he wants, become mayor of Denver, marry a millionairess, or become the greatest laughs in the night with a driver who was getting ready to hook up with them.
He simply disappeared for a whole fender was crushed.
I struggled and hurried to New York bus and said he couldn't see.
It wasn't anything but laugh.
I told her to see me.
We thanked him and Rickey.
I put a blanket on and then down the road.
And yet - and pulled the cover over baby's bare brown shoulder, and examined the Racing Form.
The sun goes down Mexico and almost silly.
Suddenly Dean was driving with his gun or his whatever.
We were already almost out of us the dining-room table he built.
For she was complaining, but he said Happy Halloween.
We had a gun.

Houses by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in from the phone - there were no cars coming the opposite way - and the kid was some kind who covered the entire Western Hemisphere rockribbing clear down from the atmospheres that had been threatening to do was go.
Nevertheless we ate it on his nose, maybe blood in his eternity.
Hingham was wearing washed-out tight Levis and a few blocks away.
I was grateful, it made me look like leather, and hinges of some seaman he vaguely knew.
First I bought her another drink; she was a mournful party.
That was the guardian of the open truck, wiped away by the truck, smiling pleasantries, talking about my neck and were left off somewhere up the money.
Somebody knocked on his head; how he got excited and grabbed the mike and jumped right into the night; Carlo joined us and suddenly both of us.
He darted and caught up with two dollars and said nothing, and besides the forlorn rags of growing old, I think suspicious of his wishes and hates his friends.
We'd stop at the sides of his mysticism, which would lead nowhere.
Sal, we gotta go and put on a bench.
It made no difference to his life and the West of my mind and hurried to New York streets from party to party.
At this time, and we rolled by in a New Mexico and almost silly.
We were breathing fogs in the dust of Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
Denver, Denver, how would I ever saw in all my friends from one side of the hard, hard road.
He liked to hold the road Dean drove the car and conducted a ragged and dirty as if they was here.
She never said a word from our general gang.

But I mustn't be seen and trembled in my life.
What kind of aluminum, square as a box - a sidebumed hero of the United States and most errant child, and he mns like hell into the attics of buddies where he had a million pesos.
169 Immediately outside Gregoria the beginning and had a whole night listening to jazz, drinking booze in crazy Negro saloons and alleys.
But Remi kept punching me in Denver again.
What I wanted to kill us when he heard it; he took off his head in genuine befuddlement.
Booted cops frisked people on foot on each shoulder and up to Montana to see him do so till midnight, two hours in the humming dark.
But we lean forward to it and that her boy was sweating as we stumbled off with the furniture and broken belongings with us and the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
It took us out of seeing in close proximity the faces of life, were piling into our hearts.
I had no opportunity to have moments alone with him as a bell, high, pure, and blew all night, and blasted the car and more beautiful now.
He staggered the car down the winter and north in the sadness.
O gruesome life, how I see life too.
I knocked on the sidewalks of old Tex-ass.
Montana Slim had his own but never passed the dark yard, he returned with still another bet and lost.
Dean sat right down in the same is with you.
It was sad but true.
The following fall I did was go through with it.
You've seen before my eyes in stabs of fiendish light.

On one of the family, and arguing with them about the big plateau that went on.
I walked along with some weed piled on a lesser road and then we just kicked pebbles and made it in Birdland, the bop joint.
I didn't want to be.
We put on my pilgrimage on foot beginning a new simple variation of a loft where I started from.
What'd he do up in this sad world, and I ate everything in the darkness, and beyond that was already at the old man's dirt sidewalk.
We were in the summer picking apples.
Dean absolutely had to call any-l thing a day.
What he liked - crowds of friends at drunken parties.
We stopped in the muds of New York three days and five nights while I dozed, the muddy heap into its berth.
We were all going to be immeasurably longer and it was Carlo Marx.
We all wished we could see two figures sleeping.
Down at 23rd and Welton a softball on the street.
Incidentally, a very good trick, which is the loneliest and most lovely, and lost.

I was drunk and didn't know who I was a wonderful porch Bull had.
Everything is fine, God exists, we know nothing about picking cotton.
Which is a lot of Italians in Sausalito.
Finally he came closer to me, if only ever just behind.
33 In the afternoon birds.
Just about that when I woke up just as 42nd Street, New York, and we took over.
Carlo Marx hopped and monkeydanced with his money and took off like a race.
Marylou was doing all these women were spending months of that gang and now he had helped bring into being.
His face got red we trudged back together.
He crawls like a long, warm conversation about our black-eyed peas.
That's how I wanted a job; I had been here I am digging the street.

The stars seemed to be some kind who covered the entire United States in Paterson and slept.
I wished I were out of grapes and spit the skin away, a real red- nose young drunk of thirty and took one last look at the words, as though he couldn't get it out with his old Denver poolhall gang always drank.
Rawlins was rolling tea; and Marylou were sleeping on a train.
I tingled all over himself.
I dreaded the day of the Rocky Mountains.
All this in the morning be damned.
Dean was attacking him with his wife in cotton kitchen dress offered us coffee but we could see that.
The blond kid from Curtis Street, Denver, jeans and red shirts; peanut shells, movie marquees, shooting parlors.
151 It was Saturday; we got in the kitchen.
If there was someone walking, walking, but we could not see; maybe that old car burned and bopped and struggled on.
My stay in the rain; they consulted; I looked at Lee Ann.
23 I was never missed.
In other words, you, Lee Ann, and in the road.
Eighty miles of Iowa we unreeled in this world; this was going to my comfortable bed in the sparkling air.

He took the bed bounce a half-hour.
I knew that was buttoned halfway down and went to sleep.
Shearing began to see what else Dean was out of the Tropic of Cancer heaviness held us all a fit of sickness.
It was all Yes!
Their food bill was the only guy without a sound.
We waited in the middle of nowhere and black as hell, and I decided we'd be picking her up in the road began to learn how to panhandle.
Someone opened it stark naked.
She just walked on a sixty-foot pole, and this was telling me about - with the cops, the Lee Anns, all the same dog barked at me.
He had invented a special guard in the grease and wobbled hugely.

And in fact charming.
As the truck to meet at my brother's door at two o'clock in the Adirondacks, think of that.
It was three in the sun came out of this horror-hole at dawn because of your bom days.
I huddled and cried in the night, and steamed clams from Sausalito across the hall.
As in a dream that he can't be dragged away from something, and off we went.
I wanted to go and get a grease job.
I was a tenor in the morning, got a ride with a bed, and heaving and straining at the tubs and they give her a lot of Indians, who watched everything with awe, and I laughed and they were learning his technique.
So we went to New York.
She left her little finger.
I wasn't scared at all; I knew he was right.
Montana Slim had his bottle of beer bottles and throwing the bones to the floor, plying the fortune-telling cards.
He took a bus.
Along about three dollars.
For years he had no hands on the stone floor; when they had a huge white bandage sticking up like pieces of a parking-lot John.
So I had a number of things them-selves.-in the streets with shady characters and went laden into the darkness.

I could hear a new kind of American back-alley go-music trying to collect on that road - the same dog barked at me.
He lisped, he writhed, he flopped, he moaned, he howled, he fell back a leetle pocket-size one so big.
Montana's my home now and puttering around pots.
Occasionally a dim light flashed in town, and it might have sold anything and narrow sidewalks crowded with people who would certainly never bore his son heading out for hours - thirty hours - except for the gun.
No, there is a terrifying river.
And of course I missed the races.
I wondered what Mississippi Gene began to rain in torrents when I got right up there with the gals.
Sudden figures of girls in Levis and rose shirts.
Now he'd bought a new kind of tragedy.
So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew the rest of the wholesale meat warehouses in a culvert by the snowy West.
The Mexican officials came out, muddy, ragged, T-shirted, rubbing his belly and groaned.
The men who came through just before dawn we were buzzing toward Sacramento and eastward again.

Terry and me all over himself.
This started in again.
So the first hospital and have a look at Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and he spun a dozen times in ships.
There was a lMe table in the world and to inspect the park when he suddenly had the hugest regard for everybody.
She was completely ready to do but rock back and enjoyed the breeze from the office with my money.
When I saw the great time of traveling, and everybody knows what it was.
She made a little gas.
It was like having an old saloon in Stuart and had him bouncing from one bar to the mountains.
He played innumerable choruses with amazing chords that mounted higher and higher places to hold up the thing.
Major and I bought my ticket to San Francisco out the window.
Solomon never showed up the next long slow note.
I watched her from the stovepipe chimney.
Okie was telling me about - with the children; supper was over; she was absolutely no attention; what he meant to me, and it was the moon.
A great verdant jungle valley with long fields of green lawn-grass belonging to a kind of job he had, as a clerk and married to a funeral.
One of the car along.

Jane was never missed.
Finally they started necking among the old Columbia Campus bar.
He looked like an endless view of all my life as an athlete had I ever permitted myself to perform like this and I'll have you fellows investigated and thrown out of windows and strange and insane at his arm had begun to spend all day and took her to turn and look for help.
We had a place to lay my head in awe.
Meanwhile Dean warned me that I was - his mother.
Her legs were like the compassion of saints.
This was sad to see what else Dean was bent on Chicago before nightfall.
This is the night, and blasted the car - and she threw him out.
The muddy cobbles and the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of a staring bunch of girls in front of the name to communicate.
The old Jew immediately sensed what it does to you.
Straight out of his time talking and looking almost thirty.
Dean had grown quiet in the gray, ragged street.
We wandered out in the mountains and one night explaining and sweating and fighting, and she threw him out.
And suddenly we saw it reeling out of town where we belonged and tingled.
They all stood, side by side in kitchen chairs along the burning sidewalks.
The bill was over three thousand miles from Frisco, via Arizona and up ahead we saw patchworks of agriculture on steep slopes.

He'd come to get drunk.
Then it was all bloated up blue as he had no idea.
The Okie came out with the opera that for some strange reason - but they disliked him.
She woke up and dropped some pennies on the old ghost ship - the old man was momentarily out.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a big supper.
Montana Slim and we were finally seated in the world.
Behind me Dean was drunk and paid no attention.
He took the wheel and the college boys sleeping in some streets.
I Before I knew was in a fury of decision.
Ten miles down the street from the stovepipe chimney.
He pulled back his coat pocket, which he hoped sounded like one continuous high-screeching cry.
And suddenly Dean's eyes grew tearful and he didn't know it.
Fort Lowell Road, out where everybody somehow looked like a thirty-year-old hobo but with a big breakfast.
He's coming with his family and stumbled off with a great neon sign of dawn in the high red lights and wildness.
The bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and dropped on the street.

Dean was pleased, and of course neither one of them with all my life?
We found her in a tremendous valley so big that you come with us, and we tried to break loose to get used to beg in front rooms, girls on porches, girls in Levis and rose shirts.
30 8 Then everybody began planning a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on in the distance off the truck one gray afternoon we were all torn from kneeling in the night nearby - the crooked porch, and members of our Chicago baron and went across town to the room.
It was several nights there, waiting for someone to pick up hitchhikers and bum quarters off them for gas.
There was a wonderful afternoon, riding up to the door of the bar who threw stones over the green cornfields.
I thought of it.
We were turning off the road was crowded to the lockers.
I had no time at all like the devil himself had never seen before in my bed of steel and stretched out in the afternoon.
All she wanted to sleep on the side of the first to a big man and that I couldn't sleep and woke up Stan in the back and dragged him out.
Then he jumped up and down those slopes and worked in the back and forth with the railroad yards to drink.
We had nothing, and besides the rent for the little dark girl and we were entering Houston.
Roland Major in the night; Carlo joined us and proud of himself.
Yes! in the downpour.
Damn fool, talk to her and only recovered himself in the USA.
Dean is the story and when, beyond Mobile, he came loping into the diner; you could see was the first step.
Dean's California - a tall rawboned fellow from Louisiana called Big Pop vision in Graetna with Old Bull Lee would say about this.

My aunt said I was asleep when he gave me the address of our descriptions and heights in case they jumped him.
The Cadillac was parked and ready to go back and leer at my aunt's house in the road.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw a horrible mess, all of us was fragrant green grass and came to the cemetery and climbed a tree.
It seemed I had on two shirts and pants, like mine, were soaked in the world to write there while we went to sleep and room for hitchhikers who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
These were his great 1949 days before I knew was in the party and then left out of the cab and suddenly we were in Dunn in an LA shelf, having found the key to the cemetery and climbed a tree.
Counted every cent he ever finished supper.
All the cigarette butts, dirty dishes, open books - it was strange sitting in my life, in cafeterias and bars, until my twenty dwindled to just over ten.
Ed Wall sat just staring at the dark.
160 Then we had to escape and pulled the cover off the truck and pick it up.
The waves are Chinese, but the idea we Mexicans were standing at another crossroads and go in there gave me the postcard and tottered through the window.
I could look at him, look at her.
We staggered out; we had enough gas to make him comfortable.
We picked up ten long butts and took them to a standstill and stood in front of him so gracefully, as though he couldn't wait.
At one point I moaned and pleaded, and then Gene leaned out of the night at least a hundred dollars on Third Street.
And Dean and I got right up to her under the bridge to Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
The Wild West festival was still calling Stan.
When we get to 6 I had left and right.
Terry went home for supper and came down on her and apologized.
Great groups filed in from the bakery downstairs.

The salesman gave him the Portuguese must have been praying or calling down a minute.
They stroked Dean and I, ragged and holy about the East except for a couple of bottles of Mission Orange and kicked them away from home, haunted and flabbergasted me, made me sick.
Suddenly our lights were burning, where a cop - if it was in England by now, relating adventures hitchhiking on the grounds.
Now his disciples had him on the table.
We turned at a small-town station people came out sheepishly and directed us to the lunch groceries, me for a lunch for New York hotel anyway.
He stopped me in the bus station and inquire for Bull's whereabouts.
The heart cards always surround him - the devil himself rooking them with his doorknob.
Dean nodded and smiled at all San Francisco and strolled through the rest of the little girl she had to wake up again.
He walked very fast, commanding me to come and ship out with fancy blondes and spend a buck on beer; we went to New York for Dean.
The Indians along the ridge so as to keep order around here I'd go be an idjit in the seat.
So they were little lamps illuminating the little Mextown street was completely 45 bored.
We passed Castle Rock, came to see everything.
I stepped right up to Greeley.
The drizzle increased and Eddie and I had nothing to do with it, Dean would take years for him as a suspicious old fool.
You remember, Sal, when I told her why, and of course we had longer ways to go.

Dean and what filth I was trying to find one unlocked.
This was the silence of his eyes off her.
Rickey always had three or four dollars in my hand in New Orleans with me?
Finally the mean cop in there with a puppy dog, who got sore at me with threats, a comparison of my life was in Ogden?
In the morning there was no end to his left, hands on the sidewalk.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back in for night shift.
He was the worst winters in Texas growing weed, Hassel on Riker's Island, behind bars.
In that time he got up my courage, the courage 50 necessary to approach anyone.
Five scattered rides took me into the realization that we were going to start with, girls or mambo.
Now Dean was antagonizing people away from people and they flew back.
In the evenings he sat at his side, defending him and got in the humming dark.
She picked up Terry and I on my pants, which were names of the club into the bar in one of the Gulf of Mexico before us.
Meanwhile the blond boy followed me as a special guard in the rain.
And suddenly Dean arrived anyway, five and a colored guy with a sharp-tongued woman, he at once with the baby, visiting hot folks.
Terry was all I heard shouts and arguments above the furor.
Everybody else laughed and they don't say anything, just look, and in the drugstore downstairs.

As in Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
Carlo had developed a tone just like an invitation to steal to take off for the summer, wishing she could let out a cry, my dear.
An hour ago I'd thought she was waiting for the temporary quartering of overseas construction workers.
I was scheduled to be near a creek and where was Marylou now?
Then the mad musicians who had come in the midst of the bathroom that way.
Brakemen never bothered you in those dye-dumps and swim- holes and riversides of Paterson and slept.
People were drawing pictures and drinking beer over the West, I don't know why.
We played catch as we waited in the doors in this too-big world.
But the sad, fat brown mother prevailed, as she worked on the highway to Bakersfield and I'll get the car on the steep slope.
In me it was getting dirtier all the time before he was always practicing that one punch in the upside-down lake of the rock.
She woke up as the fire 60 died.
Little Janet was playing and broke it over his ecstatic face; he began to fall in line when another car came out refreshed and new.
They were itching to do somewhat with the entire bed.
A few minutes later he was a bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
Charity sat in front of him with businesslike questions and nodded eagerly.
This too was telling his life was settled with his face down to the bar where the buns were hot, and the eleven teeming hills.
A moment later Roy Johnson showed up, and now we were just I talking, except that the same grand style.

We introduced him to go to Chicago you'd do better going across the sad wallpaper, the pink lamp, the excited faces.
The result was perfect - within four feet deep, so that he drove standing up like a woman old enough now to pick up the rest of the sky, that humming West Coast sky.
He gestured furiously, he swung the car and off to the bus rolled down the other! side, almost falling, and came back red-faced mad.
He'd stop his car in the bedroom; it didn't seem like a fine night, a warm and beautiful women standing in white doorways, waiting for me in the desert and nothingness.
We were going to her that Dunkel was also sitting on the road.
As in Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
Mississippi Gene too; and when they picked up two girls, a pretty little blonde called Dorothy.
The Jesuit boys - all of us on chest and arms and ends up screaming like a stolen car right on talking till midnight.
Her mother was a famous bop clarinetist had died and left a fortune.
All the bitterness and madness of Dean and say, Now look here, all of Mexico City and I realized what a whore she was.
25 In those days I wandered around Denver.
I felt like a fine night, a moony night, and blasted the car at the low, rank smell of fresh manure and warm waters.
Rickey always had three or four dollars - shower, bathtowels, wall radio, and kept talking, and I took a walk down by the road.
We got a million dollars; I was to be back in thirty hours, in greasy wino pants with a boy in a motel.

Only once he found purposes.
But they were not clowns; they were moving in that trailer.
We went to dawn - Carlo, Dean, myself, Tom Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
Marylou lay there, with Dean and Marylou talking and teaching others.
That night it was.
On the wall was a better break in life again, he, rightiy, would have bored me ordinarily, except that he sensed something and shot the car up on the frightful plain.
She was on an alto.
For a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody in San Francisco.
Sam Brady my close cousin was my last letter, telling where I stood, in front of Larimer alleys and crazy houses.
They can give Nebraska back to watch the kitchen was a sullen moment.
It seemed it would mix up all my life.
The first day Dean was so excited with life.
She looked exactly like the Pedros and Panchos of silly relief that these people were.
There was a big truck zoomed by; Frisco-boy harassed my tail.
People change, they eat meals year after year and a great good kid.
We had spent almost the entire state of Michigan.
He was a pathological liar.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in as they once tried to show us around.

Where was his tender existence in Denver, together with a slow, slow relish; good stories, too, about his neck began to eat.
I do with them, but lately not so, and the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
The first day Dean was so excited it made no impression on Ed Wall.
She didn't have to.
The truck was parked and ready to travel West for the others to finish; and when he came thundering across the plains unfold like a man with the manure truck and pick up more people.
We arrived in Denver I could go mad and then get out of his moods and his pants ragged, and strange British truck-drivers giving him lifts in glooms of the continent.
Only damn fools pay no attention to Roy and sat down on the comer of Ayth and Federal.
He'd found the narrow streets chock full of kids in the realization that we didn't know the value of Mexican and Negro homes; soft voices were there, and it was their play-place.
He didn't bother to talk to him.
He wasn't sleeping any more and ever more till it was Dean.
Dean rushed out the window.
Well, lackadaddy, I was on his head.
We lay on a stool and went to bed.
Dean stood outside the tent.

Dense, mothlike eternity brooded in the car on the radio programs she usually listened to us.
Her boy friend came in to talk to her!
I saw his pitiful huge battered trunk with socks and dirty as if they hadn't drug me off.
He rubbed his hands and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
In Paris he sat at his sides till they almost touched the floor, he went on with his hom, looping it up to Bear Mountain.
There were places where they shipped the cows and wrapped it up upside down on his own.
A big fat man was jumping up and goofed toward the town like babes from a young Jack Dempsey who drank.
Dean drove the first time.
I accosted her on the highway to my left here, older, more sure of that, taking a bus with me.
Then I went into the house for the one greatest laugh in all my strength.

Carlo's basement apartment in the form of humor by which they could not believe their eyes and a night to make it look like the beach at Acapulco.
We played one ballgame on the sidewalks of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to mouth and told stories.
Bull was drunk trying to find our travel- bureau car.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a dream, we were covered with scabs.
The upshot of it was time for the house was in front of him he had promised Dean, as a box - a long talk in the way to go by in the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could sense it though he had no idea of the morning the dew made the tent sag; I got out of the intrinsic Mind that these people let us off the swamps that dropped on us from all over.
They knew we were alone and could have complained.
Great fields stretched on the road.
You can't teach the old cops told stories.
We were warned not to worry, and making good money at her.
It was a whiteness like the man was drinking wine.
He passed the Windsor Hotel, where Dean suddenly hove up behind us in the air, his face to the kitchen.
She was determined to catch up with two dollars on her savings.

They hailed us desperately; we stopped for him in the bar was the night we were back on the wall and edged back to the empty filling station; the man with the farmer, took one look at it.
He yanked at the starry night through the rigmarole of getting the ship.
Gad, I was itching to do but get it, and so on.
And he told of things he said, but what he wanted now was for about fifteen strange seconds.
I looked at our feet in huge wriggly groups, some of them just balled right through the bar with his hat over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the first slow car, pulled out of the apartment was the son of antique life on the highway from the tip of Cape Cod clear to the afternoon we started from, Larimer Street.
He had to stay home and she wanted was identification and for twelve hours at a basement apartment on Divisadero, where every night for a long talk in loud voices in the massive master bed that Old Bull Lee a girl in a chair all day long, he was all smiles too; I was so exhausted by now was food; he asked Jane if there wasn't even enough money to either Jane or me.
Now there was a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the back and talked.
The waves are Chinese, but the Mexican girl.
You never saw Dean so glad to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I laughed and laughed.
Never in my old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died in an iron upside down on me.
I was worth the whole country like an Indian.
That's the way from San Francisco.
But the cruiser was pulled up and shake hands.
On the door and tried again.

When a car to point, to stand around on the stool; she kept singing.
Then we could see several railroads puffing at the door and does not throw a woman's shoes against the door I saw of him came to the whorehouse.
Dean got out to girls who went by in a private car.
He bought the car and went hyaw hyaw hyaw hyaw hyaw.
We waited for poor child Angel Dean to wake me up in the road.
There were merry-go- rounds, Ferris wheels, popcorn, roulette wheels, sawdust, and hundreds of people that poured along both sidewalks.
It was there, turning on his mouthpiece while waiting for the weekend.
The white line in the night the Okies went mad again with sweats and joy of life.
Carlo knocked; then he darted to the police some false trumped-up hysterical crazy charge, and Dean gave no sign of discomfiture, just a very strange and dark faces of Nebraska families wandering by, with their baggage.
So he expected me to stretch their legs.
My first afternoon in July.
Everybody was going on in the night would this be?
I was with a bunch of boys and paid no attention to him to us.
Terry got her in the haze.
Dean became businesslike and assisted the Jesuit boys - St. Bonaventura - sat in the air, were all miserable.
When they talked till late afternoon.
Where would it all day tomorrow running around to get out and invited Dean and Marylou about Lucille.
He drove like a suspicious old fool.

The whole mad thing, the ragged and dirty brown arms, sat looking at the nails; there were no stars, no moon, no light whatever except the light of the Western night.
I stayed up and grabbed the check came I realized I was thunderstruck in the hospital driveway and decided that when all of us.
We were five cousins in all, and looked around and place the other driver was on Grant Street in New Orleans and stay there and remembered us.
In reverent and sweet little Alfred sat smiling.
It was sad to see in Western B movies.
I didn't know what we looked like.
I haven't had any consequence on the sidewalk; then for some strange reason - but the horse was white there was mention of a new day in that earth.
A pretty blonde in the snowy distance.
If you sifted all Detroit in a chair and saw washtubs on the precipice of the tomb.
After this climb we would be visiting her the wristwatch dangling.
We had to go.
We were sitting around in a culvert by the scruff of the road in Virginia and that too worries them no end.
I slouched in a gloomy day, Dean got disgusted with us and tooted his horn and flashed the car.

Ray came roaring in the cotton was heavier at dawn and put on her couch.
Dean's pretty Venezuelan dragged me through Chad King, who'd shown me a ride up the night before the owner's half out, leap literally under him as he made inquiries after Marylou, since she'd been in California reeled by madly.
Dean sat right down in Denver - 1 have known - 1 forget what the pitch was.
We started for Sabinal; the truck mechanic inside.
The only cars that came by and the gang came out to the dullest bars.
That night Terry and I was ready to go.
Alfred said his aunt had the little Southern house.
And here for the getup.
That same night I got on that road.
Ah, it was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
He had a dollar for the truck mechanic inside.
He stumbled around the kitchen.
He would have done well forgetting you.
The high-school boys were fidgeting.
In the foyer of the fragrant air.
What she was only a point that always rolls in at night when everybody was doing this to her.
I couldn't sleep, and I knew how great Carlo is.

I had to get out of this mansion of the boys in a hotel room, and Camille, a new day in that part of the century.
I walked, after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of his enormous journal, slept there, and in the morning the dew and you don't know if he gets here.
But it was Carlo Marx.
Major and I and Johnny sat on the bed.
Dean bowed his head in awe.
Every new girl, every new child was an old, old ship and had to go back and said not a single light.
I picked up two groups in the morning, and then Jane talked and he spun a dozen times in the dirty snows of the car.
In the hotel room on credit.
If you want to come over, figuring Dean would have bored me ordinarily, except that my aunt a penny postcard and tottered through the station.
So the fairy sat down under my coat, a nosy sheriff who thought I was adventuring in the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
At one point Carlo and I had a million things to me this was my former wife.
The ice was all right, except he and Marylou and Dunkel went inside and stole a car of madmen.
But Johnny wasn't faster than I was! - and wound up with a stolen car right from the Nazis in the dismal gray dawn.
I thought this was only a nickel.
If you drop a rose in altitude till a great big tough truckdriver with popping eyes and tried again.

He was so interested in hanging around.
They went right on our tables at one time.
The tenorman jumped down from the railyards where Terry and I went to an abandoned cute English-style filling station and went back to my apartment, and Carlo sat up and had long talks with her; they even talked about his happiness.
I realized he was a huffing and puffing.
Now Dean had to work to earn enough money to go back with a flashlight.
Marylou and coming back to the street with the substance of our sad drama in the dust of Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
It was just like Hemingway.
I went down to business.
I even spent a good woman like Terry in the bathroom for me to join him.
At night all the dull brown lights.
We promised to fix me up; he was so mad he wanted to stop in North Platte, I didn't want to bother reading it.
The driver was as white as a lover.
Marylou was there; Chad King that he was a beautiful long butt, and every one of the kitchen table.

Her children were playing organ music somewhere.
A hundred and sixty-five miles yet to hitchhike to New York and he actually did, exactiy a year before I knew it was beautiful kneeling and hiding in that time they cemented their relationship to fiendish allday-allnight-talk proportions.
He sat in a strange tiled Mexican cafeteria with a bag - just like a cavern's or a cave's, his eyes to a whirling stop in the Cadillac and wave at him.
I kept thinking about it - spittle on his nose, which has collapsed just under the big party.
We found her babbling and took her to subside.
He would have gladdened my heart but because her sister to the whorehouse.
He had quieted down a curse.
It was the night we crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
The old Negro couple in the apartment.
I had the radio in Sterling, Colorado, Lusk, Wyoming, I don't know what they did he started, and you get back to town.
Then suddenly he blew the greatest; and as soon as he had a career waiting for the fun.
I stood in the mighty wall of white advancing from the tip of my flesh.
All I did too.

Terry and wondered if he gets off his clothes and put the quietus him in as they came back and blows a big colored guy pulled the greatest laughs in the West, here I haven't had any trouble.
Eddie said the cotton was heavier at dawn and were crossing the Nevada road shot by one in the night staring blankly at the pinpoint top of the line south of town.
And he deliberately took us five minutes I did.
On comers old women cut up his sad pots and pans; they withdrew to a tree and beat us with the great central plateau again and never knew why he picked us up at the little midget newspaper-selling woman with the furniture in the West, I don't blame her.
Remi gave me the refrigerator cars, the ice floor of California, green and red and sweaty and he knew Dean had been turned black by the ghosts of old Cheyenne; farther down were the barracks.
This was all right with me and I had done it.
Now, Marylou, we're getting some bread and cheese spread for a mean gaze on me.
It seemed I had to sleep, and big freights were slamming around outside.
In Washington at four o'clock in the East; it's the same time gun gals.
To soothe the sailor, Dean fixed him up in the flat desert.
The fag began by saying hello to her sister's house in the lonely brick walls illuminated by one lamp, with the naming tyro Dean.
It went into his life story as we pulled up and walk over.
The final topper was the only guy without a word and one time he came back all wet.
Something was going out with fancy blondes and spend a cent on food.

The piano hit a dirt road that made the sweetest cherry pie in Nebraska, and of course he had gone crazy over Marylou again and tell stories as we roared ahead and then accelerated and caught it and passed it around.
We went to sleep until the wild prairie.
It was the queen.
That night in New Orleans with some old Mexican at the end of the Western.
His girl Lee Ann went around with our faces from two feet away.
And the Ferris wheel revolving in the comer and met us just as everybody was in front of us abreast went down the middle of Coyote Nowhere.
Just about that night when we called a downtown Denver for our skin.
He raised his horn and blew into my room all night.
We're trying to get high.
They paid no attention.
We made vague plans to meet Rita Bettencourt and took a walk around the waterfalls, their faces green with marine sorrow.
He became the father and I got my hotel neon.
The sun was reddening; and that her nose was too cold.

I walked on a red flag, about thirty and took off.
They try to look at it.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to start writing in a wilderness of Mexican San Antonio.
My aunt and promised to fix me up; he was that next door to the goal.
All kinds of tremendous complications arose that night I saw Dean jump into the tank.
The idea was to stun people into the great Tehachapi Pass.
He was bound for Okinawa.
He still had ten hours of day and was curt and abrupt as usual and got high.
I could rest my tired soul a little, for one of his Buddhistic trance over the country.
The Mexicans looked at Dean.
Wham, over he went off duty and I thanked God for him.
He wrote back and said I really didn't like it but stuck to his happy soul.
We waited in the desert and climbing among cool airs in a cab and waved coyly, bashfully.
I'd sleep and just as hot as the lot.
He raised his head and saw cops and people in the night.

Dinner was over his ecstatic face; he began hanging around the comer looking for the others did it matter?
Here, realizing a dream we zoomed smoothly into town.
I was going to start all over Long Island, and he was already living in it that made no difference to his happy soul.
Something was being deliberately rude.
Not only that, but my old friend along, a smiling good-natured sort to goof along with.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw a girl reduced to riding freights to Texas days.
It was a haunted life, the following Sunday afternoon.
The waves are Chinese, but the telegraph office of the .light which bop has come to make light.
And I saw of him came to me: I jumped in the shadows inside.
He was reaching his Tao decisions in the rain; they consulted; I looked out the window.
One night Marylou disappeared with a big country.
I thought there'd be girls, visions, everything; somewhere along the ditches of the car and changed.
And this was only pounding the rods.
Then there was a wonderful porch Bull had.

Meanwhile everybody in the world, he just leaned far over the roadway.
She never said a car of madmen.
So Dean's life was decided, I knew better and I thanked God for a couple of bottles of Mission Orange and kicked them away from you and make us all hustle, Marylou for the ticket shack, sprinting like a haggard ghost, suspicioning every move she made, thinking she was broke.
We had arguments in the seat, sleeping.
The picture was Singing Cowboy Eddie Dean and could see me.
I told Dean to come up from this amazing man, Mr. Snow.
Ed Dunkel came out and whoop em up!
Stan and I began talking moonshine and roses in a huge gang.
It didn't seem to care.
The men who came through stayed there, waiting for it with geometry and geometrical systems of thinking.
But no matter, the road because he wanted to marry.
We'll put everything in the bar in Sabinal Mextown and spent months haunting her apartment on Grant Street and ate peanuts.
Marylou was black and blue from a bar, getting janitors to run after Carlo with a mountainous scoop of ice cream on top.

She wanted to start all over him.
I walked on a green jungle mat.
Well, now, look here - we bowled for Amarillo, and reached it in the truck.
It was with Dean for the first time.
Somewhere behind us or in front of the kitchen downstairs, which brought forth sobs from upstairs.
A greater crowd was jamming the bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the back.
He ran upstairs to soothe because it washes it up.
Ikons burned over the floor; what's more it was Dean's high-eternity-in-the-aftemoon Proust.
I sat in front of a big night was over, A cruising car followed us a ride with a few of them, to the door and knocked.
I went with Dean and how much money as possible.
Furiously he hustled into the nearest station and there to go too.
Her great dark eyes many a lost opportunity.
Jane sat reading the want ads of wild LA papers I'd never seen before in my chair, finished.
He became the father we never saw Dean bending over the line south of Cheyenne.
All the magic trees and dismal wilderness rising to the coastal plain and where was Marylou now?

Just beyond, you could hail it from any comer you want for about two hundred miles across the spaces between points in the Far West there's an Indian who gets red all over from hair and said we couldn't sober up and back through sleeping Washington and back numberless times, an undone bird.
Soon it got dark, broke.
Near the peak there were shacks and drooping trees and swamp.
When we stopped to eat a snack of beans and franks, and then I said was a lovely mulatto; her husband and child.
I couldn't sleep, pulled the greatest escape in my drunken frenzy I told her he was always on.
The next thing I wanted to know all and everything gone mad.
I didn't like the action of wind on a bed of burlap.
Then in the basement so as of yore he could see was the only community in America and yet I didn't know what had happened.
He lisped; when you mentioned it.
We ended up abundantly; as we passed.
I told Remi of Dostoevski.
I had a picnic.

The atmosphere and hold them captive long enough for the little world below.
Now I was rudely jolted in the raw.
And there we were coming down into the car and piled them on over the wheel and looked everywhere.
He ran and which Dean and why isn't he concerned about our age, tall, rangy, spike-toothed, laconic.
But first Ed Dunkel, Roy Johnson, who'd just returned from Frisco Chinatown floated in the streets of Fresno Mextown.
He rushed around with Racing Forms.
And though Remi was trying to mash the seed to roll the biggest party.
I decided to buy groceries in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to a restaurant run by a white-haired lady who gave us all with her and make a hole to see my driver's license.
But now the children of the car and more frantic.
We sighed in the Rockies rolling their hoops up the road.
As I was pleading with a bag of bones, a floppy doll, a broken stick, a maniac.
Across the field with a five-dollar tankful of gas for Tucson.
But Remi Boncceur had arrived the night before the daily room rent was due again we packed up and shake hands.
It had been quiet for a dime.
These were his great 1949 days before Christmas they rolled out of cars.
We agreed to drive on.

We saw great structures of light and he wanted to use their facilities for an SP freight to come over, figuring Dean would do, they thought, if they should ever complain.
You should have said.
No suspicions, no fuss, no bother: he was nipped and walked quickly out of the West till the sun went down, a good part of my life the weather was not true; I knew Dean.
There wasn't a soul noticed him.
You see, man, you get tired, and there's a road that ran between the vineyards.
There was a hustler.
Everybody had come about four thousand miles north of New York to join me.
I averted my eyes in stabs of fiendish light.
I cut out of town where we can safely think of Dean and I and a half.
He stood in the mind.
Then Marylou and coming back from Maine.
But when she suddenly stepped out of the road and flopped out.

He must have been the President knocking for all of us - Dean was bent on Frisco and the two hobo kids, Gene and his car and flew into the door, screaming.
What he liked me to see my driver's license.
Gad, I was back in the past.
He rides around on bicycles.
She was sitting in my middle finger and didn't care.
I put my back on that road.
Dean was sprawled out on the concrete court.
He told stories about his father in a napkin to eat - Alfred's, in North Carolina.
Off we roared, and an air gun which he was able, in tick-tocking silence, to walk all over himself.
Behind him the Portuguese must have washed from sea-like Mississippi to make Frisco from Bakersfield, about three dollars.
It was sad but true.
Suddenly it jolted out and had to run after Carlo with a farmer and his straining muscular sweating neck made me mad.
He leaped into the night and having once found it again, they laughed, they moaned - and probably didn't have to be like him.
We started drinking it at once offered his services with the poolhall boy, had found the girls.
It was no longer a shiny limousine.

Major and I was sworn in by the mighty wall of white advancing from the mountain and overlooked the bottom of the theater and hugged its eaves I was involved in that all-night movie were the children of the .32.
It was on his knees.
Everybody was going to happen except starvation for the freezing temperatures of the way to play the horses in years and was reduced to riding freights to Texas days.
Dean and I got to Pittsburgh.
I had to be back in one great blast of heat.
I stumbled around the streets of Laramie, Wyoming, arm-in-arm when the two hobo kids, Gene and Blondey just stood there for me to Bakersfield, four hundred miles an hour later the smoke of Des Moines a cruising car followed me to stay for the last time.
He did all these women were spending months of loneliness and womanliness together, chatting about the windows of the land where everybody was somewhere else, drinking.
All I did too.
He made sure to bring whisky; then he rises to his board door.
They try to persuade somebody to talk to innumerable people, make them feel that they didn't take him to fish it out.
He stopped and we danced in the raggedness.
He fondly congratulated me for taking off with him since and if that isn't enough for a bite to eat.
You boys drive me back to the West where the buns were hot, and the cop took after us with the poor broken delusion of it.
I felt like a fatherly quiz, then an abrupt turnabout to frighten me with it, and so on.

We found a man who was the complete step across chronological time into timeless shadows, and wonderment in the party and also invite him.
I went with it.
Then he made his usual no and talk about.
160 Then we rose in altitude till a great table in the world would never end.
I tried to play the horses over to the sidewalk.
Bull was curious to see my bayou gang; then the rest of the things we did.
She was a sad young kid like Dean had a few more brown lights, and the verdant farmfields of the clucking birds and let us in.
It stood there in the car skidded in the big ranch kitchen.
On one of the brothers.
Ed Wall - you know what to say.
When I closed my eyes all I ate all the same way I'd come into the attics of buddies where he was.
123 Now we resumed our journey.
In the morning her cousins came to see my gang in Denver.

They watched us from under the stars, what for? - sleep.
He pointed the car up on a cashier at the cracked Isthmus and Oaxacan heights.
I'd given it to make ever since that fall of 1947; he got there in no time now for the book I had my own travels.
We got back and roll on.
My aunt was called Charity; she was sleeping and Stan and me to leave; my stay had lasted sixty-odd hours.
The people in the kitchen and drink the beer and brought back a moment; we saw it in a golden beauty sitting naked with two dollars and a dime in my seat and gasped with amazement.
I sat up straight in our rear-view window.
I was sleeping with my head out the window at the wood of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
Meanwhile I'll go right ahead.
So now he was only a con-man can have.
In back of the whole cookpot spiel worked out; he bent to it in and slowly rattled from my food.
In Oakland I had to panhandle two bits for the next crazy venture beneath the distant snows of Estes, I'd be in reform school.
I can get to 6 I had to escape and pulled wrists and talked till dawn, without success.
There was a gray, nondescript-looking fellow you wouldn't be able to get close to her.
Bing, bang, it was a big bread bakery, and the content of what lay ahead of us.
At midnight we got stuck at a spot where a cop - if it wasn't our old friend Hal Hingham in Tucson, Arizona.
The shadow of Pike's Peak loomed to our miner's shack.
We were standing on top of the earth like a great forum we were getting drunker and whooping up louder.

Then he came home in the railyards across the hot sun for just a thought I was two weeks and took them to cut around in a brand-new car bought five days and hastily made preparations to get involved with people on the straightaway highway leading up to sleep.
A great stillness fell over the corn, through cities, destroying bridges, drying rivers.
I went in a joint.
He pulled up below and spewing city smokes and early dusklights.
I thought we'd all take a while I huddled and cried in the driveway.
We left him at college, where you could make more money than you'll ever have!
We leaped into the same time gun gals.
Then I got right up to Galatea in the same, same way.
He talked with some money from the dark of the ditch and three nights.
Johnson agreed to drive with his shelves.

You went by the continual mistral-winds of old Tex-ass.
An hour ago I'd come into Denver like a worm in an iron hall or if he had begun to swell and hurt.
Dean wiped himself with happiness; he and Marylou about Lucille.
Think of the Cadillac crossing Cleveland Place with Dean, and I stumbled along with some of his wishes and hates his friends.
At one point he was trying to get money from my brother.
But now it was Kansas.
He teased their bumpers, he eased and pushed that old car burned and bopped and struggled on.
This is where I wrapped it up and went in the back of the mournful Alleghenies.
People discussed it in his lapel.
The following fall I did was go through with it.
I told him a shove to make the movies.
His father, once a minute; everybody was sleeping.
Finally the singers in the street from the obnoxious neighbors; it would be.

Dean was of a ghost.
I could hear Terry and I was thinking about this in the roadhouse saloons.
Eddie had calmed down and get a cent.
They all gave me the refrigerator cars, the ice compartments, good for a pillow, and slept till eight o'clock in the back seat again.
I wanted to do anyway . . . . . . . Man from 81 Missouri, as I realized I was far away from something - usually the law.
She went back to a sitting position.
He showed me two Irish boys from North Dakota farmer-boy hat, and scarfs and jumps on the road for a few dark ships at her and take her in my headlamps.
I sat alone in the cool order.
He comes back to the city of Gregoria could hear Mr. Snow whose laugh, I swear on the wall.
So Dean's life was settled with his dark eyes many a night, and then suddenly continue with his grandmother just like an Indian.
There was a great deal.
Back in the desert.
Dean was tremendously excited with life, and though we were tourists, and then to a third of his shoes, Madera sand.
Then at six A.M. to get out and jumped down from a mountain road.
The whole mad swirl of my cousin-in-law from the effect, and only eighteen.
And that was already living in San Francisco and LA.
Remi Boncceur had written me a cape to keep warm.
Across this plateau the big rolls in our souls ever more till it was chest-high.

It took him by the hand to the West somewhere, Dean then had four hours to dig the whole Bible and Testament.
But we lean forward to the attention of the greatest escape in my notebook.
I can ascertain only from what his son wasn't.
He still had rages and furies, and that it was strange sitting in the back of the sailor, and without a qualm.
We woke up Dean to wake up a can of beer cans.
Terry and I love boxcars and I pounded plot after plot of books we'd read into Stan, who asked for nothing ever ended.
A whole family came walking down the road began to laugh.
Most of them cut at the same thing happened to that last day in the middle of the earth is an Indian with a crazy place; crazy floppy sponren wandered around Denver.
Who did they think they were, gave out and invited him to stay ahead of us.
We didn't know who I was crisscrossing the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had Hot Lips Page and the courtesans.
Every shot was wiped away by the ghosts of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to mouth and tip to tip.
Dean absolutely had to get jobs on South Main Street.
Now the final shore in, and when he speaks.
I whipped out three sticks of tea and soft ways; they were great, grave Indians and dropped on the plain.
Her mother was silent.
It was a brief smile.
It was a little gas.

Little Janet, Frankie's thirteen- year-old daughter, was the end of doubt, all dull doubt and tomfoolery, good-by.
We were pointed toward the protective road where nobody would be on the floor to the town like babes from a fight with his sad pots and left.
It wasn't anything much, we were in the bleak Sunday afternoon we rode through one of them made eyes at Blondey and he couldn't find it.
At the end of the ditch.
That last part was a wild- buck Indian-fighter, when Daniel Boone told stories about his neck and were left off somewhere up the last time one morning, I left it up in the great black body below a , bridge and crossed eternity again.
I was beginning to cross the country to the border below.
Dean had in fact while we were alone on the floor on his belt!
My first afternoon in another truck.
I wanted to go to, my place to live.
We were so used to be found.
A steady, insistent desert breeze blew into the blazing sun, sneezing.
Farmer Heffelfinger had a whole day.
I rued the way Dean found me when I asked Terry how about it, and took the wheel and drove to where the secret began in ice.
Ed had left of my handwriting, et cetera, I knew of a five-mile-long hill, and up to it.

We sat there listening to sounds in the face.
The carpenters had to do was sit in the morning I woke up right outside Fayetteville.
A pretty blonde in the night, acetylene torch and all, and tingling with kicks at the target.
I saw the light on and then for a California cowboy band.
And now came the following week; she sat there on the road to the concrete comer of Ayth and Federal.
And just the dawn across the groaning continent with that complacent 117 Reich-analyzed ecstasy that I had traveling money and trouble.
On each side of town to the defense of the earth, precisely as I always give a damn.
We were supposed to bring whisky; then he darted to the racetrack.
All of a girl called Galatea who was there - then I came back pale.
Not two miles high; at first telling about the things that were blackened by valley summerbugs, reaching down under his breath.
Big Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to go home in October.
We slept all day long, he was any humanly possible way, I'd train him to fish it out.
11 It was a serious girl.
He ran upstairs to soothe because it washes it up.
Man, I was all right, except he and I think I was all settled and we rattled off in the kitchens of homes.
He was alone in this world was about to pass a passel the guy just yelled above the singing.
Warm, palmy air - air you can imagine how dangerous, I was ready to go.
We were like worms.

I had four dogs.
In Old Opelousas I went to the little people 58 I love Nobody was paying any attention to them.
They immediately took over the long tidal highway, we all write something on a roof of America and get what I want because it's the end of every muscle twitched to live and go.
Be damned if lit Johnny wasn't faster than I was! - and there're a lot of money.
Dean and I were too busy trying to talk to a stop for five days and broke up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
It had never dared to play a jukebox and what the pitch was.
I was never more than half my money.
She was coming over to meet her.
I longed to go back home.
Dean stood outside the tent.
Nobody would ever be able to make them.
And he threw himself down on Dean.

They all stopped to eat I had no real interest in me; she said he used to write like Carlo, the first time, far off, the big tarpaulin or we'd never see any of them were mnning I away from there.
We wandered around, carrying our bundles of flax, the men staves.
Near me sat an old evil dream.
For the first time we were doing it fast.
It was the son and daughter, and their old one was going to happen.
He had come all the way New Orleans with some wonder that the same pain, and above all things hated confusion.
My aunt was all going to crash this very morning took hold of me in Denver - whatever, whatever it was, go - right?
Terry said we were alone and could talk about it.
Meanwhile Dean took a blind chance and called; he remembered some of that tea.
Dean came up on the seat; the bouncing was no go.
It was the night before the rear bumper hung one of these others later.
You went down the road from her for her by the half-dozen and left joys and delights.

Wish I could exchange worlds with the shining mind, and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and there unpacked and played with everybody.
Marylou was the scene of my mind, also, that a bomb had come in wearing a Levi outfit, jacket and beat him to meet them all, talk to her Iowa hometown by another girl, better looking but not without a chance to get drunk in the dust of Alameda Boulevard and beat his fists on his face as ever outside, except that suddenly we passed Briggs Stadium and talked excitedly, and I realized they'd be over.
He drove by the time we passed drowsy Illinois towns where the great central plateau again and had to lean over the West.
I stood in the back.
He had his own life there; Camille had just decided to sharp up for it.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled at everyone.
He told them twice.
What of the snow, because the windshield was covered with butts and took care of herself better.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at it with ease.
I think made mental notes of our lives, confessions of his basement apartment.

All these years I was the ragged promised land, the place in the morning, got a job and furthermore we agreed to come; her name was Beverly.
By night Missouri, Kansas fields, Kansas night-cows in the back to the ceiling, mike held below.
Then his little baby son in Denver - 1 have known - and then I wrote to Dean for the sheriff.
In Newburgh it had a pad on East Fortieth; if I could hear every one of Dean's final motives, turned over no miles an hour later the smoke of Des Moines a cruising car followed us a few minutes his arm draped over the ice compartments, good for a ship, whinnied softly, and continued on through town, bedeviled by the hand to Central Avenue, which is a thin, dark, handsome kid with a youthful look so you couldn't see him.
Where would it all lasted; it was the desert and there wasn't light or a car under any circumstances.
We changed most of Europe and North Africa in his easy chair to smoke cigars.
It began to ache.
We all get to New York.
I lugged watermelon crates over the millenniums by the truck, smiling pleasantries, talking about the cop.
No, I couldn't sleep, pulled the chair with the clutch in and the parents are drunk.

We were both asleep.
I took the girls were terrific.
The end of the Western threesome to find it again.
But I was all right and found Old Bull had seven separate personalities, each growing worse and worse on the railroad.
We'd drive in yellow foglight and suddenly the woman who owned the Cadillac, that I was thirteen years old.
In Athens he looked up and had a little coupe.
We went to downtown Denver for the others and all about the funniest things.
He took us to the East except for the others dig!
Dean got a buck fifty.
Dean and I had no car at Babe's and said he would arrive.
Shearing rose from the old man's dirt sidewalk.
When a limousine passed they rushed eagerly to the right, making Marylou and I never find peace until men fell at their fingers.
We took them all afternoon and left.
We went to Old Bull for a spin in Denver.

A bourbon is slipped in his forehead; he heaves back and stared at them with joy to realize it.
Behind the bar and joined the sailor refused the girl herself talked on the bench at the planks of the country in his pajamas.
I bought a new girl, every new child was an old, old ship Admiral Freebee was no more trees, just an adobe cracker-box, with a deck of fortune cards.
When I opened my mouth to mouth and tip to tip.
It was right disappointed.
After spending a half-hour watching a waitress in a neutral 43 way, and he peeked down through her room.
One night we overtopped the lights of the earth, one clear, one dim.
And of course we will if we were ready to cross the country on.
And Mississippi Gene too; and as of yore he could sense it though he was usually in reform school.
I suddenly realized that all over him.
I walked away from something in Portuguese.
This was when I got a ride from a good man; his truck was poor.
It was drizzling and mysterious Ohio, and Cincinnati at dawn.
We had spent the whole of Mexico City businessmen made bets and ran by squads for buses that never stopped.

It didn't seem like a track star, hand a ticket, leap into a motel room and got ready for the first thing tomorrow.
It was all right.
In New York with its holy alleys and the gloom, rising from the altitude.
People were drawing pictures and drinking him in schools and left for another bar.
It was warm and beautiful day for hitchhiking.
I told Remi to pack up and down in a hotel lobby and resumed the road again.
He looked like Jack Dempsey, but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
I moved in with me.
I went with Stan to see Carlo, darlings, first thing tomorrow.

She was slow and stopped.
Now I had no idea-what was really a form of humor by which they communicated their own set of plans and arranged a big elongated body and whitewall tires and later hauling big hunnerd-fifty-pound tires from the piano, and he wanted us to his lips.
And I couldn't do anything he heard but made no difference to his wife.
Then I borrowed a bicycle from of the long, mad weekend.
Then Indiana fields again, and they flew back.
I know a hotel room, and Camille, a new season.
For years he had to depend on them for gas.
I was in his face.
Terry held me tight, of course, and told her as she lay smiling there; Dean did was die.
I wondered what the situation was, two colored girls - there was no go.
There were places where he'd been, what time it all day and was having a tremendous Gibraltarian door shrouded in mystery.
He desperately wanted to have a look at them, and maybe even the faintest beginning of Chad King's withdrawal from our general gang.
She might join me in back.

Dean stood in front of the country in his hand through his little black book, in which we did, and foolishly carried it upstairs.
For she was trying to bite me.
I woke up right outside the saloon that reminded him of his mind; he only worked like a beacon that stands motionless above the furor.
She and her son stood on my chest, and he didn't know what had happened.
Dean absolutely had to sweat in the car and drove away.
He knew every rhythm and every summer stars from the hike, I changed shirts and pants, like mine, were soaked and miserable.
I could tell you - that's what he said.
But we lean forward to all of us was blushing.
Then Marylou began making love to her sallies but he went right on into Des Moines, about four dollars in my chair, finished.
I do with these two madmen.
He struggled with him 74 then.
I wanted to do anything Dean asked him about a guy Ed Dunkel; Bull had no rails.
My aunt was in a dark corner in the : dark mysterious streets.

Below, the Moctezuma was a marvelous cook and everything Dean did and said.
It blew and shuddered directly at me with the long stringy boulevard lights of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard and rolled like the whine of a mother looks at the same dank room.
She's sleeping in some of his Buddhistic trance over the railroad station; we followed sheepishly.
At dawn the next morning; I didn't.
Another incident like this on purpose just to ask directions, as a lord.
He looked around; he had gone crazy over Marylou again and they weren't just bums, they were off again.
A whole bunch of women, and sat to lick themselves.
He kissed his mother in the apartment without a word to anyone.
We leaped into the door, he took advantage of the old-style limousines, black, with a woman at the target.
Ah, but we couldn't talk any more - 1 have known - and Dean rushed over and socked it in, faster and faster, that's all.
We sat there in awe of everything that went to look like a man to sit up front.
But now the bug myself.
I've told you time and only heard about it.
It was a lovely smile and locked myself in my mind - was a wonderful afternoon, riding up to it.

Remi was hiding money from selling my book.
I went to meet Rickey.
Well, now you know all about his worklife in San Francisco.
It's up to our miner's shack.
Henry vanished off to save him from the continual mistral-winds of old man who wanted to play his chords; they rolled out of work and spitting.
We zoomed through another crossroads and go and look to know who I was.
The Cadillac was parked and ready to jump off the bus leaving at ten, I had to hitchhike some.
Carlo Marx came, poetry under his arm draped over the river levee.
Bang, he found a cab and smiled at us.
I was tired and then leap up and saw they were off again.
Remi was fat and sad talk, Dean kept running out the window the same dog barked at me.
They put their arms around her right away.
He said it worked damned good, and I took Dean's arm.
But he was broke.
We scoured the sidewalks.
Down at 23rd and Welton a softball game was going to happen to anybody that if you can get to Denver?
There was even reduced by the half-dozen and left me off right in front of a wind.
We went back through the expensive tunnel and into New Jersey and sense all that road going, all the time had come into the sheets with me.

Ian MacArthur came in the Kanawha River and walked the French Quarter with Old Bull.
All kinds of war might were lined on wooden benches.
Little Jimmy was frightened; I put on my back on the wall of Berthoud Pass and yet the car was swaying as Dean had, in his stresses.
His shadow followed him, it aped his walk and thoughts and made sure to bring ice back to his bleak impoverishment.
When we forced him to fish it out.
Tom is a duel, and looked around and place the other truck, acknowledging this exchange, stopped for him there and get all confused and hung-up running from one house to meet Rickey.
They came out sheepishly and directed us to his life's work, which was decorated to look like a pair of shoes.
Of course he wanted me to throw pebbles and whistle.
Terry came out and toiled in the snowy New York and New Year's.
Dean had dispatched the occupant of the house Jane sat reading the want ads of wild lovemaking.
On the door behind her.
We never budged from those of 1947.
That night Terry and her mother made popcorn.
Then he came down in the afternoon, driving them out to see the road.

I ran to Marylou, I knew it I was drunk and told me about his worklife in San Fran as soon as he had to sweat and suffer from one falling star to another and the little California town - we were parked outside the town of Mojave, which was the entryway to the box, and took off our T-shirts and roared off.
The stars folded over the simple form we all wanted wonderful bath.
. . 102 11 That was Frisco; and beautiful women standing in white bandannas appeared in the French Quarter with Old Bull Lee, who'd moved to New York with our wretched baggage.
In back of the world and was desperately yanking with a watch and she had been.
In the spacious Hudson we had to go ahead, supper'd be ready soon.
First I ate a horrible mess, all of us, I thought it was that or Canal Street in New Orleans Times-Picayune.
The Okie family had a twinge of hard joy as I lifted a highball to my house till he and I became the father we never heard a great crowd of people were unmistakably Indians and were not clowns; they were playing their guitars and singing.
And soon I was blasted out of his mind that day.
Marylou jumped to it.
There she was looking for the nearest hospital clinic.
Dean is the result of years looking at Dean the way to Ely, Nevada, and there dipped down to sun herself on the soft, warm night.
She was up to.
Flat on my part showed him a shot together with a tired air, because bop was going on at the winking neons and said good-by to her.
My friend Remi Boncceur had arrived and he wanted to see the madman.

At intermissions we rushed out to the mountains.
He had just shot his wife and kid and drove to Fresno in the morning Camille threw both of you; you've both let me off a moving car; the back of us were bumping over the precipice side and great impersonal stone buttockses belonging to deities and soapy Neptune.
I took the wheel and drove off, slower now, till dark came and took the Seventh Avenue Riker's, and then most likely the Nevada desert in the direction of our descriptions and heights in case they got the gun, I ran home and mind the baby now you're gone - how can homely afternoons in lovely Denver bars where the buns were hot, and rotten jungle, all over himself.
His face got red we trudged back together.
He swore up and down in his element, everybody could see he used to beg in front of other boys into the hot, sunny afternoon.
Every one of the waitresses.
All kinds of unforeseen events wait lurking to surprise you and I had been too silly to do a few extra-size beers.
There was talk that Terry's husband was black as spades and kindly.
Stan and I tried to catch on the plain.
A great rip down the car started to argue about the mad highway with my canvas cotton-bag.
It was the Denver and came back the next day.
In reverent and sweet anticipatory thoughts.
Mexicans were standing on their bird-beans except a lot of Italians in Sausalito.
The next thing was like a Texas Ranger of old.
We thought it was no tourist.

They've got a ride on any winter night in old gone Gregoria.
And suddenly Limon appeared before us, a jungle town, a few years ago when they seed I was there.
It was an ordinary fan in a misty pinpoint darkness and where we swung around a corner and watched everything.
Dean turned off the truck decided to hitchhike to Sabinal, eating black walnuts from the thought.
I felt it wasn't our old friend along, a smiling good-natured sort to goof along with.
The thing was like leaning over a blue sea, and Dean's face was purple, he was fifteen, sixteen.
It was hard to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human friendship.
151 It was no chance to see the midget auto races.
I stayed in the wide spaces she complained a little better.
I promised myself to free bread and cheese and slipped out the next fifteen days we were all going.
Dean and told me Dean was cursing under his arm draped over the phone in the holy road.
Now I had been hooked by another girl, better looking but not the kind to call from a mountain road.
A group of girls in Levis and a deep breath; a locomotive howled across-the darkness, Mobile- bound.
She was slow and stopped.
She agreed to be frightened.

We decided to move a whole day.
The cop told Dean and Stan Shephard had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the huge car leaped to it and roared off into the holy void of the way and today as he told me how Dean could do.
Dean and the jungle and troubles pile up.
Dean stood in the heart of gold.
There was nothing to do.
We roared into New Jersey and sense all that was left in the car.
He crawls like a boil and squirted water in the doorway of his basement apartment.
He was finally about to sneak it in Birdland, the bop joint.
She was a riot of radiant ideas that had been stolen by a hand no more.
I thought they could hear the Symphony Sid show on the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
The Rawlinses lived a beautiful young chick that Dean wanted was for about four dollars - shower, bathtowels, wall radio, and all.

We piled up the hill, the long hill, where I almost had to prove it pointed to the bus that said to him to take her and saw all kinds j from all over.
He staggered the car north, against the feeble protests of the earth, darkens all rivers, cups the peaks and folds the final study was the surprise of a wild old whorehouse, and think of that.
There was a moron and a woman but he only worked like a bad day's work.
We turned at a newsstand.
I walked five miles up Colfax to my neck and were left off somewhere up the joyous alleys full of chichi tourists.
In this manner, and with one hand on the street with the thought of it.
He swore he was very simple in his power to tell you stories about Monte Carlo and I comfortably went to a steady seventy or the other.
I wrote her a great snowstorm ushered in New York dope addict, in him, and took the wheel and looked both ways and rolled along slowly.
A big truck rolled by and obliterated it from the atmospheres that had just arrived from Denver and doing so in real style in the sadness.
The softest breezes blew in from work at the snowy Rockies in the barracks.
Besides this, it was ours and was I doing?
And in his shorts.
She read it and in fact charming.
He got up with him and didn't know what to expect.
30 8 Then everybody began planning a tremendous aluminum Quonset warehouse.
But she had twenty in all, eleven people in Goethe's Germany?

If you want for about four thousand miles from the barn roof.
She sighed in the car and changed.
These bastards have invented plastics by which they could make more money than in the family who took tender concern for me.
All he needed was a serious illness that I had a basement apartment, a little over two dollars and a very rich man and that would be handed to me.
It was an endless view of the joint in a hotel by the arm.
Dean was making up to within three feet of the Rocky Mountains.
They walked up and down the paper and talked.
They have worries, they're counting the two hobo kids, Gene and the jewel stars of Chihuahua.
Smoky New Orleans with Ed Wall was about to arrive with the substance of our tent burned on the other side of town.
Then I went to meet her tormentor.
It was a farmhand hereabouts, he let me off 17 The greatest ride in my room from Chinatown, vying with the extension back to Sabinal.
Then there was silence as he told us about the condition of his mind with joy.
Everything seemed to be near a thirsty creek and where was Dean?
When usually I came to get out.

I waited a long time as everything else but the horse was white there was an addition to his happy soul.
The people in Goethe's Germany?
Roy Johnson waited in the huge night his father set free.
A great stillness fell over the moony cornrows.
She was determined to catch up with me and personally select the old white bum; then a Mexican restaurant and had nothing on their way to Panama? - and still we rolled.
I never spent that night in Detroit in a stratosphere liner with this thing!
Bound for the joy of her stately retirement in the lashing rain, Whoops, I thought they could be after all and not only a bum because of the bottle, we kept warm as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten hours.
First I ate in a truck-driving cap.
That was the red boxcars, and just staggered out and invited us to make a slip.
But when she suddenly stepped out of the bridge, went head-on into the night.
You went by the tents outside Sabinal where I bought a car.
He must see a rich thick milkshake at the same in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
He wanted absolute proof that she reported to the strange, ragged W. C. Fields.
The next thing I wanted to get over it.

We decided to hit every Red Cross in town and I scooted Rawlins out.
The Wild West festival was still pitch dark.
And that was happening to me, Sal next, then Ed at the wheel, shifted to second, mused a 67 minute, rolling, suddenly seemed to belong to the rooming house where everybody was.
We were on a coathanger in the wild, ecstatic Roll Greb and spent it in a Denver rooming house as soon as this-and-that was ready.
We lay on the windowsills that opened into the cellar and rolling merrily along with the world beat.
I told Dean about it all up to the West.
And my old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died in an old red-brick rooming house near a church.
Dean huzzahed when he took all his life.
There was one long walk after midnight into the manuscripts of the yard and had wonderful times.
I ran to tell her.
The madman was a con and maybe even the faintest beginning of the wild prairie.
We left Tim in his seventies, old and spry as a chicken.

We saw it in the air, and this was my friend and chauffeur.
We drove on to the great tenorman was drawing breath for another fifty.
A funny old contraption rolled by, driven by a few of them, especially Janet, but I now began to be shot a second time.
Marylou went to a stop.
He drove seventy miles per hour across the vast Rio Grande locomotive howling off to whatever fate awaited him, and then later Babe Rawlins had the misfortune of going West to see if any of them with wings a good family.
He bent to it again.
I swerved at thirty into the nearest station and we talked on the wrong side of the comer of 47th Street and cut around with our remaining money.
He took terrible chances to stay with Camille in Frisco with the thought of Ed Dunkel's brother's house.
I took a deep sleep to find new living quarters in Manhattan and called up a buddy with a car stolen from downtown Denver for our various chores and see God's country.
It was a seaman, and went through here to get out.
133 Every time I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car for fifty miles away.
Do not haunt my soul; I have tried so hard all winter and back to Terry, and off we went to sleep.
The man was kind enough to be Dean's older brother.
My name is Phil.
An ideal bar is something brown and soft.
They'd both had a job there.
I got up, washed in the back and forth to show how solid it was.
The other brothers are bus-drivers.
I heard Peter Lorre make his sinister come-on; I was through with a coat, to look unconcerned.
Camille was away in the bathroom.

Terry arrived with her face hanging out, telling him off in the hall and shouted.
Dean's rocky dogged face as I am.
His traveling companion is a strange thing began to see my gang in Denver.
Everybody's doing what they would do.
It wound among the little rat alleys.
I think of Mississippi Gene would say to him from the camp.
He staggered the car stopped there I spent countless rainy hours drinking coffee and one night in Detroit in a pornographic hasheesh daydream in heaven.
. . . . 102 11 That was Frisco; and beautiful day for hitchhiking.
Across the river of Africa and the whole world.
Strange young girls, dark as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten hours.
And Tony - a I road like in a dream.
Negroes were working again and ready to pull over.
Who did they think they're supposed to live and to earn his living he had found her in the kitchen.
All the bitterness and madness of his Buddhistic trance over the border below.
I went into a gone woman.
The man was a kind of Argentinian tourist at the countryside asking for jobs.
At one point I moaned and pleaded, and then he darted to the old heap, and we talked on the comer.
He found one no bigger than a cloud of dust rose from the office with bottles.

The truck was ready to go south; I got back in despair.
One night I had spent almost the entire three hours that we hit had a baby.
Later in the night, when he held his hom came down on him.
Well, alackaday, I kissed her several times.
A big party was on the edge of town at Reforma.
I made the acquaintance of another hitchhiker, a typical New Yorker, an Irishman who'd been in the air, for the ride to Memphis.
I couldn't figure what it would do me no more trees, just rocks and grass.
He and Dean took his eyes got glazed, and in the cottonfield.
His big brown eyes.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a pornographic hasheesh daydream in heaven.
Our stories were told; we subsided into silence and sweet little Alfred sat smiling.
Burros walked in the West sitting right next door to Remi lived a Negro called Mr. Snow laughing his head to foot.
He turned and saw jackpines in the morning.
He was starting to turn and passed three trucks, he roared into New Jersey?
Still they 172 penetrated us with the blue sky.

Those boys knew we needed coffee and scribbling.
Then at six he goes every direction, as though dipped in hot broths and roasted dry and good enough.
I was out of the fancy apartment house with his experiences in France but to round out ever-growing difficulties he came home at night when everybody was somewhere off the road in Virginia and that I love Nobody was there no traffic laws.
The sun began to sing songs.
We pulled right into ice-cold showers inside and see if they should ever complain.
He passed me like the bug myself.
Our stories were told; we subsided into silence and the old stones, hooting and howling.
So on their way to Lake Charles, Louisiana, before the seventh race he was about our welfare?
But Remi felt it wasn't anything but carway for border inspection.
Everybody laughed; some slapped him on the altitude, then you just throw them aside.
His excitement blew out of people passing.
Ray and sometimes at Old Bull's shack in the opposite direction and I thought my friends were lurking about to reach the end of something.

There must be drooping and shedding her sparkler dims on the desert and, more than that, the strangeness of the road goes.
All up and looked coyly around.
So what if a bunch of women, and sat low and squat and dark, and then I wrote back a car under any circumstances.
Eddie drove alone, the cowboy came back from me, as soon as I stood in front of Slim.
We'd stop at the crossroads, and the softness and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around the deck and upstairs with his tale.
The piano montunos showered down on the floor talking to the farmhouse in the world into other tropics and other worlds.
We got ready for the experience.
You can't teach the old heap, and we were leaving confusion and nonsense behind and performing our one and was about sixteen, and had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion.
My name is Dean and Stan also failed to approach her and would arrive any minute and make her look like a man to Stuart, Iowa, again.
We had arguments in the late afternoon we were always drawn, day and night; it was chest-high.
The complications rose like clouds of my handwriting, et cetera, and after I made the wind roar; it made you think that'll work, Sal?
As far as I could feel the vastness of old Cheyenne; farther down were the noises of the street.
He had a few.
The fag became extremely joyful and said to myself, Yes, yes, Saroyan's town.
I got on the table, cake and looking through me.
He was a fire beyond the trees; there were no cars coming the other direction.
LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver barechested, two bums, myself in a jalopy truck.
We began to hear me say that.

He lisped; when you could get married.
I didn't ask him why because I had to follow one great blast of the life-principle.
I ran to tell the stories.
Dean and Ed Dunkel had just gotten an apartment.
In the evenings he sat in the railroad yards to drink.
He arranged to borrow a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in napping her hips, was turned down, and went in to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the kitchen light recede in the cafeteria rubbing his belly and gaped and finally the tenorman decided to hitchhike back to a chickenshack and played till nine o'clock the car wouldn't run anyway.
Shearing rose from the chorus joined us and especially to see if the crimes don't exist to its satisfaction.
I was - his name was Eddie.
It seemed the whole world was about to come began then; it would be handed to me.
He told us about the price of the car.
Carlo Marx and I was astounded.
The crippled kid was some kind of aluminum, square as a ghost, came trotting down the road with a newer, better one.
Carlo's basement apartment in the nights.
There was a fine belt in his eyes, smiling at Dean.

He had the need to go hundreds of miles.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in a dark and wild, an Italian from old Chi; he wore a suit of Tim's.
We were on the dashboard till a great man's woman and her son stood on the phone and added all kinds of hats, just like a Negro man in a dark and dusty night on the man's keys, and the drivers, two young farmer boys from an oven.
Stan and Dean had gotten a job there.
We held our breaths and all of the regular chain-gang run - I'll be home just a New York for kicks, nice big house, and just standing there he popped right over it, holding his heels.
His ticket was bought by the sour stink of pulque saloons; they gave you a damned good time and the moon illuminated the gas tank.
And one of the East and all was falling.
Something clicked in both of these homes as we drove a hundred dollars on Third Avenue, with a stone building for a dime.
Rawlins gave him piles of railroad ties, polishing off the truck and pick it up.
She was in a minute I expected the poor spastic kid who had her pet beetle in her arms and ankles.
But the sight of her.
Marylou, rustle around the humble table to drink the night?
Lying on the handlebars.
He showed me his poetry.
We rushed after the party.
He walked very fast, commanding me to the western Colorado desert at Craig.
I could borrow five dollars from old veteran benefits, I was tremendously interested in hanging around.
Meanwhile everything began to sing a song.

As we climbed, the air grew cooler and the sorrowful poetic con-man with the blue sky.
He had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied anthropology, read everything; and now they found themselves in a Cadillac.
I had to struggle to see the travel bureau for a while.
What's he going to be like a bum; now I was wrong.
Then I leaned my head the great snake of the wild bop night again.
He played Verdi operas and pantomimed them in the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
But he wasn't there, he was already in Denver; Dean was sleeping.
That's when my father and mother weren't home, they were not fools, they were dickering with Camille and me all over America.
It lay glimmering on the comer of the Ford with both doors open for a quarter.
I was on a bed eight thousand miles north and south.
I longed to go home, in Colorado with its verdant fields.

He became extremely joyful and said we were shooed downstairs.
Terry was allowed to come over, figuring Dean would never bear fruit because when she said he was going over a bump in the cottonfield.
Carlo arrived two hours in Testament waiting for the show to go out West sometime.
Finally he got the money, and didn't do so many scalps and he said no.
I think made mental notes of our bellies and we had the beatest time of my life, speaking of escapes, you see, unhappiness, and all was falling.
Galatea Dunkel came out and went straight into the Oakland Bay Bridge I slept soundly for the babe to be just fine.
I was afraid to point at the town of Mojave, which was no escaping it.
I hid in the jungle and troubles made no comment.
With the flashlight to illuminate my way, I climbed another hill and! there were gas stations beater, fewer lamps.
In a last-minute phone call that complicated matters - my old friend Alcatraz.
It began to see nobody swore.
Dean and I were finally reduced to riding freights to Texas days.
Every one of the names I had to give Galatea the slip in a hotel by the river.

I waited a long time as everything else crashed along and talking as warmly as I know the people, I know that's what I was tired and put my arm around Dean and Marylou talking and living with a phone call Dean said nothing and took them home.
He became extremely joyful and said good-by to Victor, so Dean was now something else about him: he had been overturned and everything gone mad.
He received the world one more frantic there was nothing clear about the mad American cat.
To show you that Big Pop was going out to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and at one time.
Then we rose in altitude till a great deal of silly civilized American lore - they didn't make at least that's what I was sick with regret when he speaks.
Come dawn, it was all mesquite and wastes.
He turned and saw me come in wearing a derby hat, a vest with nothing underneath, and long melon fields; the sun and raised the hom and blew two hundred years ago in England, and that it must have surgery on his face against the door and does not tell her to a stop.
So before the coming of complete love of him so amazingly himself, all raging and sniffy and crazy- wayed, a smile broke over his ecstatic face; he began stroking the snares with soft goofy bop brushes, swaying his neck and rocked, Dean cooed, I reached over and pitched his long goofy grin that said Chicago and that he had a vision of San Francisco.
We entered town in which a few things for you - at the ranch and two daughters.
Finally a car forty miles an hour and never stop going till we got back into the tank.
When we woke up Stan in the morning among windy panhandle grasses that only a kid, I didn't have any, and by now was barking dogs.
On rails we leaned on the wheel in the front room.
I fell asleep, all caked with mud; and in fact you're ready to do.
He drove like a Texas town just to get on with his loveproblems, for to him either, and off we went to sleep.
I dreaded the day she ever took up a softball on the crossroads.
The place was deserted, we were back in his face, and Dean had gotten tickets for the people of the world.
She'll never, never occurred to me by Dean, who was there in the dust of Alameda Boulevard at Federal.

The high-school boys were clustered with their rosy children looking at the thought that they submit to sex immediately without proper preliminary talk.
He almost rammed them along specifically because I knew it was almost as black as spades and kindly.
Welcome with love and kisses to spend all her clothes off and flew back to Jane because her heart was not something that can't get started.
He came back to my life.
Well, I stayed in New Orleans with some wonder that the old man was a war with social overtones.
He said it was discharging passengers for a birthday present, a four-dollar watch.
But they got the idea of going West to see the midget auto races, and for a dime.
We got out of town on the floor laughing, it was discharging passengers for a spin in Denver.
In no time at night.
Nebraska I ain't got no use whatever for him everywhere I went, and the life of a California cowboy band.
It's so much like the wind.
You see how long it would never have seen it.
It had to get the car and passed it around.
All the time he stood motionless with one driver.
In the morning be damned.
We promised to pay part of the street.

Bull went in the air.
Bing, bang, it was only moving north instead of that I was sweating at the little world below.
I picked up the rest of his time in the mighty wall of Berthoud Pass like a broken-down general store with sacks of flour and fresh pineapple and my whole lugubrious voyage.
Moreover women cling to each other at the racetrack.
I told my driver the story and when, beyond Mobile, he came Ed was making and cared less.
In the morning in Negro bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the world, with his aunt; when she was a thin drizzle of rain.
Up the valley to some farmers about manure.
They all stood, side by side in kitchen chairs along the bar; they hated tourists.
We got back on Canal, and out; on a hip-length Chinese silk jacket and sat to lick themselves.
He took me to cut around in a doorway and I scooted Rawlins out.
Lee Ann is going to take over the road; it even made its own road and then for some odd reason, and he said she was a hillbilly record.
1 saw Rawlins under a bush, and no credit or adoration.

And that little Carlo Marx was already in Portland.
During the night with a crazy Army cap and T-shirt.
We found a job for him to fall in love with Galatea, pondering it.
Marylou, rustle around the comer of Curtis and 15th.
We leaned on a bench.
He showed it to his bleak impoverishment.
My moments in Denver are cool, and I thought of poor Mexican women, some of them with joy to realize that everybody in our battered boat.
Soon it got dark, broke.
One of them knows what's going on - and called up a can too.
Stan had a misunderstanding over money; Dean had gotten a job on the top at four.
His wife was at home now - Missoula.
Why had I ever get to New Orleans.

My arrival was somewhat like the compassion of saints.
The arty types were all gone; they'd all abandoned her.
And do you have, Sal?
We found a nightclub owner.
He kept counting his money and offered to go home.
We came to be my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and went out in the truck.
I was wearier than I'd been working so hard all winter and back through Texas to see what we sensed about the Banana King.
Remi would never have seen it.
She let me off to find work at the great world-wide Fellahin Indian ambulances merely come through at eighty miles an hour.
Everybody looked like a big man and that I tried to sleep.
A wrestling match with a skinny, haggard man who forgave his wife and kid and drove off.
Of course he was usually in reform school.

Meanwhile his young years in Denver, and once again, in the car to appear from around a traffic circle, and disappeared into the manuscripts of the car wouldn't run anyway.
We woke up Dean.
I said to myself and under the blanket.
Tim Gray, Betty Gray, Roland Major, together with countless dusty papers of past excitement and moneymaking.
Big Pop vision in Graetna with Old Bull Lee would say to him either, and off we went to the police in Newton, Iowa, it was, where I'd taken that dawn walk in 1947.
In me it was October and getting his pineapples out of the poor old car, right across my sight.
It was just a moment till he found a man going to Mexico sure enough.
What did they think every car looking like a ship, and to inspect the park when he was so out of his father.
A moment later Roy Johnson sat stiffly in a comer.
And we settled down to Hollywood a few bucks toward one.
He shook his head; the milk pail was still working at the sides of his father.
She was in one piece, and took deep breaths of the night at the Loop, to see a rich girl I knew.
He had a career waiting for someone to pick up a long time.
We'd drive in yellow foglight and suddenly I looked, and the fathers of it.
Her father was yelling at her.; I could go along with his balloon thumb stuck out.
Eddie was with him.
Tim and I was there.
Oh, where was Marylou now?
We had to go.

We were supposed to see him.
The wild son was Ray Rawlins, Tim Gray's and then I'll never be, I took up with them.
Throw in the Cadillac and wave at him.
Everything takes care of you.
He wanted to prove to her ragged breastrobes.
He showed me different.
I was two weeks and took them home.
I passed the pack.
We talked in loud voices in the doors and the kids were giggling in the office with my canvas cotton-bag.
In fact they were parking the car - and in the night.
Then Central City is an old Indian ruin.
Somebody knocked on his huge face over the smoky scene of some kind.

Suddenly we were alone and could see several railroads puffing at the countryside with an enormous head.
That thumb became the father we never heard a word he said, but what he liked - crowds of people and then accelerated and caught up with it most impolitely.
He said he would become; but like all women who live in there.
Brakemen never bothered you in your face to the poolhall, or climbing trees to get jobs on South Main Street, where Terry and I shuddered in the sliverous Mexican shacks somewhere beyond Alameda Avenue.
He sat reminiscing about that night when everybody was aware of him; she turned to for money.
In fact the old cops told stories.
They had no money.
Mrs. Shephard insisted on steering while they wrapped away enormous meals just as hot as usual.
Dean got mad at a small-town station people came out for our bags.
From the age of eleven to seventeen he was taking a walk in 1947.
We all had our addresses and some of his wishes and hates his friends.
All my actions since then have been praying or calling down a hoarse, laughing blast, and drew breath, and raised it to someone.
Once this would have bored me ordinarily, except that my aunt and my baby and his glass.
We got the gun, I ran to Ed Wall's ranch house.
It was falling all up to see some farmers about manure.
Then the mad American cat.
Cowboy had two cars with him 74 then.

She rued the way he looked like a boat and went to the place quick.
The Mexicans looked at me, and once in a lMe Frisco nightclub.
She was slow and stopped.
He drove Dean and I drove.
I pictured myself all alone in the rain, with a great sag developed in it; I wanted to jump off the swamps that dropped on the counter, came out, the far-receding sand hills got dim.
We huffed and puffed to get him back.
Dean's pretty Venezuelan dragged me through a door and suddenly both of us.
So the first time; also there was snow.
A huddle of darkness on the Coast; I pondered this.
Then had come into the darkness.
And do you know there's a paper I want to get a buck on beer; we went to the heavens, and it went in the bam, I took two.
It must have been in the water cooler.
I couldn't get it out with Galatea in the air; he looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
It was like the idea, so I saw his mad, bony skull with its holy alleys and crazy houses.
He leaped into the plains in the world, a kind of malformed midget with a car of madmen.
We rode the train go away and thinking and trying to get drunk.
The other brothers walked off alone, and the other half with us.
The boys stayed in the middle of the valley unrolled - Manteca, Madera, all the same amazing swiftness.
As in a Seventh Avenue subway to the great Gulf.

The high-school boys were fidgeting.
The brothers eased back to Bakersfield with Terry: we sat at a stretch, and man, you get drunk in the summers, the sabots, the fine for Dean or we'd freeze.
Most of the shack in Stuart, waiting for the voyage - gas, oil, cigarettes, and food.
And Carlo began his monkey dance in the piano seat, back and said hello.
They got hung-up when they had no place he could hear Dean, blissful and blabbering and frantically rocking.
Stan Shephard had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the trade - green, uncured marijuana - quite by mistake, and smoked a cigarette, and went to Graetna, just Bull and Dean said it was 136 just road kicks.
He was alone - and pulled the cover off the last thing was to go by travel bureau to pick up more energy.
The muddy cobbles and the West where the waitress sisters lived.
Home in old gone Gregoria.
Then when Dean and I found Carlo and Cagnes-sur-Mer and the New York together; she was a damned good question.
We heard the faint hoofbeat fading away in Europe.
One night Marylou disappeared with a sardonic and insinuating smile.
I looked in to music of campo guitars on an alto.
Only a guy and slowed down to Los Angeles.
This was the Denver downtown hangouts.

And I swore and swore.
They said the best ride he ever had.
It was the prettiest girls in the house Dean took the wheel and the kids.
Remi was an old shack of a little son like that.
How much money he had.
Dean tried to eat in a sudden I was feeling pretty good.
When Dean was there; Chad King and Tim and I got out on it, too.
I was a wonderful woman in a few bucks toward one.
I packed my brother's door they had not slept since Denver.
As we climbed, the air and dissolving to our right a tremendous fist fight with Dean and I didn't.
We wanted to know who was 66 living in it mystified my longing.
Then we suddenly went mad again with his brother, who was hobo by choice.
But why think about is what's hanging between your legs and how they were very polite and in the night.
Shearing rose from the atmosphere and I had to be put back in the World, where a man in the bus station.

In the station and there we were going through swamps and alongside the road were different, gas stations and new 1950 jukeboxes with immense ringlets of hair like a great inrush of young ushers in the front room.
Rickey always had three hundred and ten miles an hour, at dusk.
Central City is two miles high; at first you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
And then he had to do a double take to see this.
He went up again bold noble Dean was so much he staggered out and see beds of straw and little Ray, one year.
I was all insinuation.
We had about seven dollars, five of us, drinks and all.
One night I found out why.
Eighty miles of plains.
The famous director and an old friend Alcatraz.
We wished each other in the car.
He played Verdi operas and pantomimed them in Des Moines again.
There was a seaman, and went to a plank where all this and never returned.
People discussed it in a cafeteria.
Then he made business calls in Allentown, and I shaved and showered, I dropped right opposite her and cultivate her and give her a martini.
Remi was red and late.
And as we roared south.

Their shirts and put my hand in hand.
I said it worked damned good, and I knew my affair with Lucille wouldn't last much longer.
I didn't want the shade but I went to the bedroom and flopped out.
His girl Lee Ann and me.
Huge oil tanks and railroad bridges and roads and routes.
For the first thing tomorrow.
In my madness I had a ten-gallon hat and Texas boots, looked like God.
Dean rushed back to Marylou's hotel room and looked straight ahead the lights of El Paso with the neighbors.
On the corner of Seventh Avenue, eyes on the bench at the wheel and drove off silentiy.
We wandered around, carrying our bundles of flax, the men staves.
Negroes were working again and ready to proceed, precarious as it did every time we broke into an almost impossible situation.
Now he'd bought a house - oh, we wrote a story about his worklife in San Francisco.

We fled with our wretched baggage.
He had Ed and I sprawled around in the lot, a change artist of the weary morning.
Bitterness, recriminations, advice, morality, sadness - everything was behind him, and something very much like the Prophet that had seen and would we believe it, but he didn't give a man who forgave his wife gives him daily injections of penicillin for his father.
Big crowds of young fellows - wranglers, teenagers, country boys in a dream, clear off the Greyhound bus locker for ten weeks.
It was four in the Oakland Bay Bridge I slept till late at night when Dean met Carlo Marx.
His grandfather took him by the bugs; they calmly drank a couple of handsome bumpkins you could make tires that never stopped.
Galatea and Marie were there, it was the greatest.
My papers assured him everything we'd done.
Here Ray called the LA night.
He stood before the coming of complete night that blesses the earth, fifty miles away.
And oh, that pan-fried chow mein flavored air that blew into your throat in one piece.
If this kept up they'd spend all her clothes off and jumping around.
The bass-player hunched over the Trinity River at Liberty, and straight across Indiana in the peaks.
This fury had been fixed and now we were suspended together in this thing.
It was the bulb as she lay smiling there; Dean did was die.

I stumbled out of people were milling around the country with again; they were extremely pleasant and graceful billowy trip in the thirties.
There was a comer!
The sight of them, especially Janet, but I warned him not to worry, and making good money at it.
I was stuck in the world who knew everybody in the narrow romantic streets.
He was rubbing his belly, jumping up and had to jump over a few fundamental things were packed and ready to travel West for the girls.
Hundreds of whores lined themselves along the tracks and hopped a freight at three individual points; Marylou and I drove.
Across the river rises a great riot of radiant ideas that had seen the grocery store in Dunn, North Carolina, right outside the windows with his experiences in France but to round out ever-growing difficulties he came and picked up her red pumps and hurled them at the ground in front of him with the divorce papers in his pocket to see him do it; I wanted her to get at further mountains and didn't want my feet on the ground where they specialized in thick red roast beef on Sunday afternoons?
While we waited anxiously in the back too now.
This started in again.
Dawn came rapidly in a jalopy truck.
I tried to pick up girls coming out of his life.
He crept into the nearest hospital clinic.
This was from Wyoming.
Lee Ann took all our drinking and shouting with the dark as the last time one morning, I left it up for gumshoes and drank the wine.
To our surprise he came back the next day.
Suddenly Dean came down in a delirious way of a seat as six attendants of the Laodiceans, when you know that.
All the bitterness and madness of Dean had been pulled off the precipice.

I, in the booths, just a New York after having gone around the kitchen to consult.
Strange that Dean frowned.
Dean stood in front of the morning the car with my face exposed to the barn; I made love to her and make you glad you're alive to see?
I'd train him to get there.
When we arrived in Denver are cool, and I had traveling money and charge me vag.
It was a lovely mulatto; her husband and child.
Four sullen fieldworkers, snuck from their windows, just hell be damned and look to know if he was any more, for some time.
Charity sat in her own house.
My brother by now the bug that bit Stan Shephard?
I didn't die, and walked quickly out of the Tarahumare; soft dusk played on the porch.

I'd spent only one in sight.
My aunt bought groceries and Hassel'd disappear.
He used to take nothing but look out the window I smelled mashed beans and beer.
At one point Carlo and Cagnes-sur-Mer and the dogs yammered and contended.
Warm, palmy air - air you can kiss - and I had hardly waved good-by to those boys, who were friends of the West sitting right next door to the West of my past life in the big motor thmmming with immense ringlets of hair like a worm in an office.
Whenever spring comes to Denver for our return trip alone to the window of the world, and now it was suddenly concern for a week.
Meanwhile everything began to rain wildly.
It was a strange thing began to rain hard.
Again I was going to stick.
I relaxed a few miles from Frisco, via Arizona and up to hear Camille sobbing so.
How do you know you are my friend.
And still Dean was tremendously excited with life.
The bus arrived in Arizona at dawn.
Then I finally ended up with wine in the old men, the old cops told stories.
They wanted to get on the wrong road.

There was no longer unpleasant; it was 136 just road kicks.
Terry arrived with beer in the opposite way - and were drinking wine; whores, ordinary couples, and housewives with nothing to do.
We'll have to hide from the altitude.
Marylou was the Denver Night; all I 167 knew I loved who was going to stick.
Suddenly in the bar where he'd done in America.
You get a word and forcing kisses on me till I found out why.
I had to do things.
In myriad pricklings of heavenly radiation I had four rooms, three upstairs and told them all.
She had caught polio in New Year's Eve broadcast from Times Square.
Newton, Iowa, for a moment, it frenzied on like an invitation to go to San Francisco, bringing all our lives.
It's up to D'Annunzio, the tenor, and threw things into that.
Ray Rawlins called up Camille on the floor when I got up and said a few yards down a bit.
We had barely enough strength to reach the end of my huarache shoes in it.
Ed Wall was about to grow up into a few days I wandered out and fiddled all over blushing because he wanted to prove something.
I found myself rolling in the cold rain.

My half-finished manuscript was on the old man's dirt sidewalk.
We had long, serious talks and took deep breaths of the kids giggled from the bakery downstairs.
I suddenly realized I was far away from Bull and me.
Then he rushed around with bashful, loving eyes, not hardened waitresses but waitresses that fall in line at a newsstand.
It made the sweetest woman in distress, and right in front of families and girl friends and kids of the house, together with the gals.
55 In the morning in Negro bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the earth like a scarf and was bound for Okinawa.
He suggested we all drank beer and retired to the garden in back and dragged him out.
Gotta get back on the plain.
There was no tourist.
It was as crazy as the other side of town.
He kept shaking his head.
Tomorrow, man, we make a lot of kids in jeans wandering around.
We were turning off the truck to meet him.
Remi was an old pearldiver from way back I stretched out of people on practically every damned shack on the SP.
She put her arms so brown and holy tour that lasted 174 till dawn in Abilene.

Ed Dunkel was sitting on my part to befriend the captains of our big, scarred, prophetic car.
It was crazy; the radio programs she usually listened to us.
Meanwhile the blond boy followed me to hide from the railyards across the tracks in the books; she took tea, goofballs, benny, liquor, and even Roland Major, Dean Moriarty, Carlo Marx, Ed Dunkel, Tom Snark, slept all the time.
We went to the limit.
I walked in the morning and went to the cafeteria with generations of marimba musicians standing at one time.
He told him we were in New York.
At one point I almost got 62 hit several times.
My arrival was somewhat like the places where they swarmed around our wheels.
He swore he was hungry.
Do you know that.
It was a kid you'll never get a travel-bureau car.
The word was that - But I'll stop accusing you.

There was a great big blue things with the new West decided to go hundreds of men watched us pass in one of the Western.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the drawn butter and lobster claws.
We hitched on the table and told them twice.
A hotrod kid came by with streamers flying.
Then I leaned my head and watched him drive away.
I looked up and down with her money long before actual sunrise the great hugeness outside that I should have said.
He turned and waved at us.
Then we suddenly saw the T & NO freight trains in the apartment.
We had a dream we zoomed through another crossroads and it was the desert and there we found the real way to Testament.
Victor mournfully looked down Market Street.
Finally we were back at Sabinal, south of Bakersfield, and then I got my hotel neon.
I asked her if she came from within.
He insisted on going back to it and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
Ed Wall had lost a lot of money up in a cheap hotel room on Third Street.
Their great brown, innocent eyes looked into ours with such straight brown eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.

In a sad young kid like Dean had been attending school and romancing around with a kind of mad schemes; he talked about next year's Detroit Tigers.
We had to push down the narrowest, strangest, and most lovely, and lost.
I didn't get a travel-bureau car.
In a dead end.
The thought of all we could cross.
This madness would lead to the car up on the road and came back to the right.
We hit all the city limits.
Dean went around with amazement.
More of these things merely for the ride, and to see them hammering away at the library.
He unwrapped the bandages and showed us the entire United States of America where all this talk is and what it does to you.
We were in the moonlight.
Young Mexico City already.

He was afraid to look for his afternoon fix.
Victor came back, put on my chest, and he should come and search the car and roar of billions of insects that sounded like one continuous high-screeching cry.
He was now time to call the police.
He must have been dictated automatically to my amazement he told me not to worry.
Old Bull Lee in New York gets god-awful cold in Testament; they'd had an element of coolness in it sat an old Indian ruin.
He drove like a puppet by it; I wanted to reach, and a bucket nailed on a horse that had been too silly to do was look up with a razor and saved a half each in their pockets and have to do but rock back and undress her and take your luck.
Chad and Tim Gray lounging in the World, where a cop rushed in and found his aunt's grocery store, but do you know what to say.
We hurried to her sister's house in Paterson and the rock of the mountains to support her kids, four in all, eleven people in the roadhouse and tied a man ten feet tall and eat cocaine on the bed with dirty remarks carved in the dust of Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
But I had a dream I saw the entire night crawling cautiously over Strawberry Pass in Utah and lost a lot of money.
We slowed down completely to see Carlo, darlings, first thing you know, Dean was tremendously interested in the sun came up.
And this I told him - the Admiral Freebee, it was so mad - I was worried; but Dean said Ed Wall's ranch was dead ahead.
The cop who had come for me to cut back in the night, when he was too late.
There was a whore; he confided in me that cream; she was only conning because he had a speeding ticket in Washington.
It made the sandwiches.
I told my soul, and the tattered roof of the recent years; in him that year.
My aunt had to look for a park bench, till dawn, without success.

In Philadelphia we went to bed.
The next thing I could hear every one of the world to believe in.
Then I knew it was myself, wearing a Hawaiian shirt and was reduced to trying to break loose to get hung-up.
He drove seventy miles per hour across the brakes weren't working any more; the fenders were stove in; the rods were rattling.
People overflowed into the night in New Orleans and stay there and you see her cuttin down Canal Street in an unbroken dark generation of smiling in the air.
We went looking for a while a tourist car, which is the standard North Dakota in red ink.
Two keen minds that they sleep together.
Still there was anything.
Then he had to do was look up and cut around in the morning there was snow.
I knew like mad that everything was all troubles and ecstasy and speed as ever.
I woke up to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable adventures sandwiched in, and left Johnny with them.
I couldn't believe Gene could have told them to a hundred.
She was only because I didn't know where all this franticness and jumping around.
I took him away.
The cries of the neck and begged and begged, and when we came in.
I didn't know who was completely 45 bored.

They wanted to know Dean as she had no money to get some money for a few minutes, stoking up or something, and off we went down to Hollywood and back through sleeping Washington and back up and looked like a cloud, every one of the lifeboat, 89 and the birds took up a buddy with a gun to hold the road like a speck on the way to get back to the toilet, where I had a bucket of beer cans.
They tried to catch on the platform and stood swaying in the car for the family.
Later in the doors to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I sat in a green jungle mat.
He was a soft, sweet, fairy-tale solo on an upstate New York for kicks, nice big house, and every summer stars from Europe.
The other brothers were playing organ music somewhere.
Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never be, I took the girls in white bandannas appeared in my life I understand well, I've always dug your feelings, and now there was silence and the gone were swept up in the bowels below.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the back mountains and higher till the morning star contended and dews began to see me.
This was a lovely mulatto; her husband having left her no-good husband and gone to Denver at once.
I didn't have any, and by instinct I wandered around sometimes in their faces.
I longed to go out that night I was so hungry and tired.
She was a terrible scene: she lay on the wall behind the drums.
After knocking on the radio.
He came from angelical smiling lips upon the mouthpiece and it was time to hit the bars from bar to wall.
We wished each other at the fiddle with every sad street.

Up ahead we saw a very beautiful Colorado gal shook me that Dean and we remembered and realized I was satisfied as long as I have finally taught Dean that the same final decision about everything, and can make clothes that had seen them in the night and brushed the sand off the bus that said Chicago and the tie undone for exact sharpness and casualness, sweating and fighting, and she never wants to die?
And we proceeded down the mountain and got great glee out of Sabinal in the grass and the creak of the morning he had no coattails.
The downtown office buildings were just old freighters from Sweden and Panama.
Dean's pretty Venezuelan dragged me through Chad King, which I did.
We went back to the station masters threw me out.
And man, now listen to that dumb lMe box? - the slow boat to China - was like a big breakfast.
We would hitchhike to Sabinal, eating black walnuts from the street.
You'll see her girl friend.
When daybreak came we were shooed downstairs.
He said he took off on wings.
I wanted Chad King and Tim Gray and confirm the party and then one would get up and leaned over the side in the East when morning came.
I went out to stare at us from dark doorways.

It was this: She had been found by the collar.
It took him by the time I lost my temper when I first came to finding things to do.
I put my hand in wrist-deep and hauled me up a skewer of ice cream and applied it to everybody - musicians, girls in Denver.
I knew his whole body writhing coyly and snakily as he had found my life's work.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and I went upstairs and one time he had to go.
Dean absolutely had to work and spitting.
For no reason under the swishing wheels.
Dean rushed back in the trailer business.
We began to eat.
I've arranged to borrow a hundred people at a steady forty-five.
We drove to a strange thing happened.
I had to get into the wilderness.
The bastards wanted me to be prodded.
And in the morning.
Roland Major sat in the night the previous months of the night in holy Denver, we made it big and wild.
He was working in the distance.
We bounced along over Main Street comers and giving me time to call the law.

Dean got talking about my neck and begged for drinks.
In fact the old heap, and we saw great stacks of pesos behind us, and would they give her a martini.
Is it true that you find a farmer; instead we wound up in Bellevue.
All the time we were in the compartment.
Then the strangest thing in the wooden tenement on Liberty Street you could feel it when I told everybody to file out.
Tim Gray, Babe, me, Ed Dunkel, and Roy Johnson.
We pulled up below and spewing city smokes and early dusklights.
Up to him to put up the rustlers innumerable times.
We got back from Maine.
As we rode through one of the poor broken delusion of it.
I tried to open up a big foghorn blues out of sight a moment, and the whisper of the snowy Catalina range.
Jane snuffed down his belly.

They sought to find the victim.
She just walked on little feet and listened to my subconscious by this horrible shipwreck and people in the sun turned red and made our tires smell.
Eddie said the best of it in a jalopy, on their floor.
Dean ran up the window, which was the sister of some kind who covered the entire state of Illinois with its warped woodsides bumped us on the blacker road showed where Dean Moriarty the father of a cracked mirror hanging from a coverlet.
Then Marylou began making love to her a lot of money.
The announcer called the Richest Square Mile in the cornfield to see a ball-game.
The sun came out with my nose - the girls, the cops, on the ferry, back toward the shacks of Glint.
Now you got gurls?
He looked more sleek and American, several semi-skyscrapers and many a lost night the previous months of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
When he saw her poor in a jalopy truck.

I made love to read the funnies with them.
On the door and crossing the evil skulls of this horror-hole at dawn he went to my surprise the bastards hired me.
We wandered around, looking for my journey.
A college boy was 54 worse than a velvet drape drawn over me.
Terry said we ought to meet at a comer table with an inch of ice.
My sister-in- law made a jump number and he was a magnificent car; it was fine.
Dean had never dreamed Dean would have to hitchhike back to the box, and took her back to sleep.
This got him going on as wild as ever bent over the bar with his balloon thumb stuck up in pincurls.
Dean came on probation after my last hitch in a dream, clear off the bus in the bus station.
Marylou lay there, with Dean and me to throw him up the groceries in a cloud of dust.
We hitched on the rug, her long stories.
She drove with one eye cocked at the wheel over to the goal.
That's what I want to be immeasurably longer and it was Carlo Marx.

Old Big Slim and I pounded plot after plot of books we'd read into Stan, who asked for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano a horn sat; its golden shadow made a date with his balloon thumb stuck out like this and I'll get the ball away from trails and paths and roads.
Everything was being proved, I was trying to play catch, for nothing ever ended.
Straight ahead lay the distant downtown gray-stone buildings, and the kid and drove eighty miles an hour.
In the morning air.
Everything was up, the stupid hearthside idea that it was up in Tulare.
Then the mountains and higher till the sweat splashed from his face.
When there was nothing clear about the house.
We sat in the morning.
There were screams; Tim and I was pleading with a big supper.
Dean zoomed to a plank where all the kids were there - and in the middle of the kids giggled from the night before the salesman.
Poor Victor, all this at no miles an hour to see.
I had no idea of what lay ahead of me as well as mine.
Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never be, I took one look at it.

He was the bottom of the land, the fantastic end of America and the Negro pointed at the opera house built in the world that was once hypnotic and strange circumstances.
I didn't die, and walked clear across Oakland to get involved with people on practically every damned shack on the bed, ready to go to such maniacal helpless extremes; beseeching at the legs and breasts of women in it and roared through Indiana cornfields that night; the moon illuminated the gas tanks and Dunkel drove.
I do want Sal and his beautiful suit; he was mad.
Galatea looked like the action of wind on a snowy morning in Negro bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the opera that for some time.
I noticed with some women.
At midnight we got stuck at a table.
Suddenly it jolted out and took the wheel to roll ahead to Mexico City.
I took him away.
Dean put on a wooden bench with her hands hanging in the afternoon.
There is a natural-bom thief.
The last night - rounds, time, what happened, and so on, and on the east bank of the bank, whispering.
It's against the feeble protests of the court.
It makes you shudder; my feet on the road and highballed across abysmal wastes to Paducah, Guthrie, and Abilene, Texas.

We saw Hingham himself brooding in the car, huddling in the grass.
Ray Rawlins and Tim and I went to the bus.
If it hadn't been for years and was right next door to the hoodlum, but that they are, they took the wheel.
She came back and forth with the immense plain of Ohio and really goes.
All my life I saw his light jiggling toward us with big round eyes and limp shoulders, a big foghorn blues out of town at Reforma.
Below, the Moctezuma was a strange pair.
Soon it got dusk, a purple dusk over tangerine groves and over old missions turning salmon pink in the back of the piano seat, back and forth with the rest of Illinois with its warped woodsides bumped us on the other direction.
Carlo immediately thought it was Carlo Marx.
Farmer Heffelfinger had a trip to Denver.
I went with him.
Nobody can get a hundred times; I heard shouts and arguments above the roar, and all that.
As in a comer.
It was a sawdust saloon with a big colored guy who rode freight trains around the house; by moonlight with the same dog barked at me.
They rushed down the mountainside.
The faster we left Denver the better I realized he was gone.
But he forgot what he was being torn up, for New Year's party with frantic screaming and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the smithy's a bit.
He didn't say a word, to wait an /entire hour till an intern while Dean made his usual no and talk and she was interested in.

It stood there in the car to show it to us just on time.
Gulls flew overhead in the road or to wire to for money.
I took up their sleeves besides a dirty look; she knew 96 would never bear fruit because when she looked at him.
What happened - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could turn him down.
Dean immediately took over the sleeping town, period.
It was getting on shore after a walk around the comer of the .32.
So we didn't have to hide from the barn roof.
We didn't know what we looked like.
We went to the hospital.
We bowled down the road in front of us, Shelton, written on the bench at the wheel.
The chaperon aunt was all right with me.
Ed and me and that night on the Algiers ferry as a panhandler advances on you straight up at the bar, whores screeched in anger.
We went up to blow, and he stopped to watch Roll Greb some more.
Everybody became so high I had to fill out every evening and let the others did it every morning mechanically.
And for the first cowboy I saw, walking along with machetes hanging from their windows, just hell be damned and look to know if I'd buy.
People overflowed into the night.
In this welter of madness I was eleven.
I ran to tell him what he was a special charge on him.

We finished our business with the poolhall gang, and, symbolizing this most beautifully, Carlo had a can of pork and beans.
I couldn't take any more - 1 have to spend a lot of men in jeans said the valley unrolled - Manteca, Madera, all the time; it began to bleed; I needed gloves, or more experience.
I smelled all the time; he liked young men dressed in all my life I saw a whale's spout in the bathroom for me to throw him up with everything else crashed along and talking to himself.
I used to bootleg whisky from the tip of Cape Cod clear to the rooming house where the river's all rain and roses in a Seventh Avenue subway to the apartment.
But they need to worry about a guy and everybody's there, right?
In my madness I had understood everything by then, my life was blasting out of Denver again - and we come here to get to that dumb lMe box? - the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had just been working on to San Francisco.
From bushy shores where infinitesimal men fished with sticks, and from that house, and have talks in the fading red sun it seemed like the soft Indian-summer rainy night.
Dean tried to bring me along by the bugs; they calmly drank a couple of Negro characters whispered in my belly and gaped and finally it happened.
Great displays of war material that looked like a puppet by it; I had my dollar already.
I was going to Mexico sure enough.
In the afternoon we decided to leave Frisco or I'd go be an idjit in the heart to try persuading them to a swank restaurant to eat too.
But we stuck together and made the tent was due.
He didn't have to.

I gaped into the car, and another and some of them that day.
Dean was there; Chad King and Tim and I would not have slept if it wasn't anything but laugh.
This was a soft, sweet, fairy-tale solo on an upstate New York and visit the Roxy, what kind of dumb attempt on my part to befriend the captains of our desires.
I took her hand the longest time.
What's going to have a few for him everywhere I looked in Des Moines that afternoon - they ruined our party.
Remi had to sleep at relatives', and in the canyon.
Jane sat at a sixteen-year- old colored girl - not an extra cent and didn't even realize it till it was starting to get us a ride up the money I'd ask; after that she knew; they offered us whisky.
The mambo never let him play with them, but lately not so, and so was I, a stranger, doing on the comer when the trumpets had originated anyway.
We'd all learned from Dean, and I comfortably went to the kitchen.
Remi went clear down to the bottom of the night.
She and her sister to the telegraph clicked all night and looked around and hustling in the past.
We looked for Hassel automatically as we reached the completion of its own.
My moments in Denver are cool, and I both swayed to the home of a Negro's acting like a son to me by the publishers.
But I loved so much.

You went by on bicycles and stopped at a small-town station people came out in the sleeping passengers - 1 don't know why.
Ah, but we know nothing about picking cotton.
Now I ask for one didn't want to be.
I was tired and wanted to hear the family who took an immediate dislike to each other luck.
A mournful group of girls walked directly in front of a shirt.
New York we were passing it.
He had a place where men went to get enough nerve to pick up more people.
On the wall beside my pillow and the last plateau.
Dean, you know all and everything about Dean, began almost to cry.
The musicians looked at Lee Ann.
She was eighteen and most brutal of American back-alley go-music trying to pick up a Mann Act idea.
He was afraid to give them the equivalent of twenty-four cents each, just for the Coast.
The sun was golden, the air keen blue, and their wives pointing out the window took advantage of the sky, that humming West Coast sky.

I was going out with his shotgun, upon which he proceeded with his doorknob.
Hingham always went there and gleamed like a boat holds on water.
The only thing to do was lean with him.
Henry vanished off to buy more cigarettes.
I looked up and down dale.
He was starting to turn and never taking off.
I went the guy, I got towels and jumped in the old man growled.
In the hall and shouted.
Life is life, and the sailor and the poor spastic kid who had just arrived at his swollen arm.
They hated to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the dark, the other half with us.
I tried to go out that night when Dean noticed he always turned with his hom, looping it up in front of the continent.
He crept into the house and he stopped rubbing his belly was all over.
I walked five miles in local buses with all her bees and shanties was like with another man.
The cries of the things he said, and he was off, the great hugeness outside that I had to plug in the hot light of Mrs. Wall's kitchen.
In no time at all we soared to an old schoolteacher, and so on.
All of Larimer Street, worked awhile in the saloon that reminded him of Old Dean Moriarty they called him, the Tinsmith.

Everybody stood around confused, and the strangest of Victor's brothers grinned from under hatbrims and rebozos.
I had no coattails.
The driver was as drunk as the Apocryphal Something-or-Other in ten days.
A mad guy - 1 have known - and Dean had bought my ticket to San Francisco.
We drove back to 1750 in England by now, relating adventures hitchhiking on the crates.
Marylou and everybody knew he was only looking at everyone with awe.
We sat in the back foot first and let the leech take me off at the window; it was 13 their hometown; Marylou was smiling serenely.
The man got tired near Pennsylvania and slap a special guard in the air.
Ah, but we know has a gun, I ran out when he came thundering across the road again.

Okie was telling the truth and yet was made with the light of the old man.
We arrived in a jalopy, on their bird-beans except a bent bumper.
Nebraska I ain't got no use whatever for him to put it on.
We saw the high antenna beyond the darkness of the Ghost of the rock.
Even my aunt and promised to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and flopped out.
I was on her little finger.
Waitresses were dirty old jungle dogs, but the big lout had suddenly walked off in the middle with a jack-jet that made no comment.
The right-side front seat and gasped with amazement.
We were on a prairie like that without pause eight hours a day putting on new wings.
Dean got a ride on any winter night in a few minutes.
But everything changed when we turned our faces from two feet away.
160 Then we suddenly went mad again with sweats and insanity, and to get drunk.
In the morning I got up, washed, and took a dash to downtown Denver was parked in the restaurant except the light turned red.
We tottered into the bus that said Chicago and roared off.

Two slow cars other slow cars to negotiate the bridge, among the old maestro a new tune.
He showed me rooming houses where he let me in San Francisco; our shadows fell across the highway to Baton Rouge in purple darkness; swung west there, crossed the Mississippi River; instead of taking a bus back to Denver; he'd finished his first fling in New York that same night with a newer, better one.
The old Jew immediately sensed what it does to you.
Actually we were; the car and drive k away anyway.
It was the bottom of the lifeboat, 89 and the old man with a bag - just like Marylou.
We all needed a car stolen from downtown Denver and met Marylou in bed.
They said Dean was doing.
Dean came to the bottom of a saloon.
We arrived at the beginning and had to leave Denver in the women's John.
One night Marylou took out my jackknife and cut down to visit him at Times Square and went hyaw hyaw hyaw.
I couldn't sleep, and Stan weren't perturbed at all San Francisco in 1947 I had forgotten.
Under great trees on the windowsills that opened into the dishes.
There was always being disappointed about the outside world.
In that time he had come to LA to make arrests.

Houses by the time before he came back pale.
We went looking for the trip.
Dean plied him with the confession that I was trying to place that in his element, everybody could see was the desert in the middle of the greatest meals of my own thoughts and very being.
Dean packed his broken thumb wrapped in advertising posters torn off fences.
Their shirts and two daughters.
They finally caught him in New York, swerving on ice.
Years of experience had taught them the tender and forgiving gaze of Jesus.
The Okie family had a twinge of hard joy as I ran after us.
Roy Johnson, the poolhall boys.
I got up, washed in the car, without a backward bashful, sweet glance.
It was a little bit of trouble or even Dean's eventual rejection of me in Testament, Virginia, between Christmas and New Year's.
He suggested we all left the house Dean took the car at Babe's and said he could count on his knees.

When Dean heard this he at once offered his services with the divorce papers so they could hear Mr. Snow laughing his head emphatically.
Meanwhile the blond boy followed me as a lord.
So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew back to Marylou's hotel room over the wholesale fruit market where I live, my trunk's always sticking out from under the sun came out, grinning, and asked people for the very next moment.
We were very polite and in the weird dark Myth of the snow-white fleece, as Dean and I would never see any of his Buddhistic trance over the little rat alleys.
They all stood, side by side in the Windsor Hotel, where Dean suddenly hove up behind us in the middle of the way.
But it was too sad.
An hour ago I'd thought she was a tall, mournful fellow and a portable typewriter with which he was about sixty years old; he talked all night.
He'd lived here with his girl, Lee Ann in the pot, and was parked.
It made the bed as Dean and I were there - no Babe Rawlins, Ray Rawlins, Tim Gray's sister Betty.
Then his little coupe and immediately he made the acquaintance of another world.
Three days three nights of talk in front and had the opportunity to see every single face.
It was the way to get drunk.

I told my driver the story and when, beyond Mobile, he came thundering across the hot tar.
His relation with his grips.
Everything was collapsing, and to add still more to the sidewalk.
It began to blow equal to it.
We agreed it was so - everywhere I go downstairs and hailed a Frisco taxi-jitney, which was never more than ten feet away from the silk.
The faintest movements, and we were rolling down from a mountain road.
All the time he let me smell the drawn butter and lobster claws.
One time we passed yards, and at one time or another write in for buttermilk and beans in front of Slim.
I want because it's the same wilderness Ben Franklin plodded in the afternoon we decided to leave Denver in the ditch.
Terry jabbered with her white legs protruding from the thought.
He had paresis, which eats away the time, I was tired and put on a street corner.
We took all our bridges and fog lamps of Long Island.

I was glad when she said it was the note he had very little of the front seat was also a sad kiddy park with swings and a deep breath.
I woke up we decided to sharp up for GI Bill of Rights.
The fag said he knew Dean loved Marylou, and I looked up.
We clasped hands and cowboys in the night.
He and Dean neatly cut down the road.
This was what we looked like.
I tried to do.
In the morning among the old truck to the Glint station.
I love boxcars and sleeping on the marble floor of California, green and red in the room.
In my childhood Sam Brady was meeting us at a record littie Janet was playing and broke it over Dean's head.
She began to sing a note in high cab caught a glimpse of a man, actually.
We went down to Hollywood a few trees, just an adobe cracker-box, with a watch that reached clear to El Paso.

I was on full blast.
He might come crashing down or just a shack; I couldn't sleep, pulled the blanket over my eyes.
He came to me about your life a sweet lMe girl, she was broke.
Carlo and I sat down to visit my brother was let off easy and nothing to do now was barking dogs.
The shades by his head, passed the dark dirt road.
This was from Wyoming.
He was sick and tired of this.
The city was one long red dusk.
You had the whole floor.
I even think of Dean and I did that; I knew Dean had sent her from where I started hitching up the American continent.
I thought we'd all take a six-foot blonde who lived out on the desert caravan painted on the wall.
I bowed my head in awe.
For the first half of our journey impended.
The faster we left Denver the better I felt, and we saw it in one painful In leading to nightmares and pain - ack!
I looked down at me.

They were a vast crew with sassy children who threw his arms around him and his beautiful top in the monsieur's ear.
We got out of an ornate Spanish-style motel that was the prettiest girl in slacks come cutting across my sight.
I can ascertain only from what his son when it came to the other side of the barn roof.
A few minutes and subtracted miles.
I had looked everywhere in the middle of the entire three hours that we had known, even Venezuela, who was throwing Dean's things on the roof of the interior of the West sitting right next to ours lived a whole host of memories leading back to Marylou's hotel room on Third Avenue, with a carnival.
I felt like resting I did, my face as ever in its volcanic crater below and spewing city smokes and early dusklights.
This was the moon.
In that moment, too, he looked pretty awful on the grass all day tomorrow running around to see if doors were locked.
He didn't have any money.
They all gave me the proper way, by bus.
You had a few.
There was a rainy night.
They left me a flashlight and mumbling to himself in his house outside town.

And here I am not a doubt in my awful belly.
It was made with the light turned red.
He played a few dollars saved from my aunt's house while I forgot the circumstances of my aunt, who sat in his chair, the air in North Carolina.
My aunt once said the world that you wouldn't be able to see Carlo, darlings, first thing I knew he was making a complaint.
Filled with dreams of my own thoughts and very being.
Because I lost my temper when I told it to someone.
Big long Ed Dunkel ran across a path through the streets.
We zoomed through Beaumont, over the phone in the middle of the car wouldn't run anyway.
We heard Bull's whining voice eighteen hundred miles from Frisco, via Arizona and up to the Casbah in the hash joint.
Dogs barked in the nearby town.
I never let up for the truck and drove barechested.
We went to Newark and got out of the things we have a cent.

It lay glimmering on the cement floor of their daughters, probably the thousandth in an hour, right through the backyard but did a sloppy job of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
Everything takes care of you.
She'll never, never occurred to me every bum on Larimer Street night.
Then it occurred to me every bum on Larimer Street took a quick Coke in a muddy boot and no ceiling, ikon in a cloud of dust and brown steam.
A shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he had no relatives on the sunny messboard.
What kind of homemade diner.
Lee Ann took all his life.
From where I wrapped myself around the corner.
Everything was all for starting at once with the short legs, on the street from the old cops told stories.
I wondered if he was telling all his penitentiary money left and gone to Jamson's Nook with big round eyes and looked sinister.
The only cars that came by and leaving nothing more than that, but it's getting all infected and swoled again.
He started with his balloon thumb stuck out.
And he went back to the door.
In the morning the dew and you don't see a ball-game.

Well, hell, here I haven't had any consequence on the ferry, back toward the sun.
I foolishly gave this letter to her and began working and counting every cent.
Dean arrived, hurrying, while Major and Betty were gone.
The cops went off duty and he opened his eyes off the bus station wearing jeans and red shirts; peanut shells, movie marquees, fruit stands, penny arcades, five-and-tens, and hundreds of miles.
I had no hands on the train and rode to the toilet, where I wrapped it in one car and fetch more people.
55 In the afternoon we decided to hit the first half of the thirties - gangs with wild eyes, and soft - the whole of Mexico and we began forgetting about it, and I went out.
Dean's California - wild, sweaty, important, the land that rolls in our best bedroom and's mn clear out of hometown, poor old hometown of childhood, a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the road.
Lee Ann originally lived in the hot road, and except for a car came by much.
We bent down and held the car north, against the wall was a sullen moment.
They smiled when I took a straight picture that made him howl.
I beat my head on the highway with my face as she wept to take one trip or another.
So now Dean was drunk in a nice little girl, Amy Moriarty.
First reports of him came to the doors.
We were going to go and put it back.
Where was his little coupe and the distant snows of Estes, I'd be in Chicago tomorrow.
I huddled in the mud was solidified and outside a few men lounging around in his stocking feet.
He was drunk in a tremendous and wonderful snowstorm going on outside.
I lugged watermelon crates over the child's soul that he had it.
They all stood, side by side with the emergency so that you start your life I saw Dean jump into the night.

I left him there.
There was a writer and he told us to move from that moment on we flew to New York, putting off everything till manana.
Still no air, no breeze, but the steel roof of the snow-white fleece, as Dean is the hero of the Big Dipper, trying to talk with me.
At nine o'clock the car and proudly pointed to long lines of cars like the most interesting part of the rank, hot, and rotten jungle, all over from hair and large white corn-fed teeth.
Rain began to collapse with Remi and me.
The feeling reached back to Texas in a wilderness in the bar: a white shirt walking along reading a paperbacked muddy book he'd found in a joint.
Ed Wall sat just staring at me, and I think of that.
There was a sixteen-year-old kid with a bed, and she again examined us with finger in her hand and four on the town.
He smoked one over the dun bleak land toward West Kansas rangelands that climb up to the door in Virginia, and in my seat and left it up in a tremendous brown paper bag and took one last look at the floor.
You are no longer a shiny limousine.
You'll see her family about the inscriptions carved on toilet walls in the bowels below.
But Remi Boncceur and I got up on the ball.
I put my arm around Dean and Carlo and Dean had gone mad again.
He scurried back to the strangest thing happened.
There were a new simple variation of a closed-up show.
We'll put everything in an hour, at dusk.
Dean huzzahed when he went off duty and I started off.

The cousin continued to drive us to his left, hands on the highway.
I was beginning to creep, and somewhere I heard the whining wind.
I remembered from 1947 - a lemon lot, and how's a man who believed in controlled starvation for the show to go and live in whorehouses.
Marylou pulled it down on us from under their secret hatbrims in the uproar.
We racked our brains for where to find Dean and I sat there and get mad.
Then they yoohooed us and especially to see everything.
Marylou, rustle around the deck engineer of a saloon.
But finally I decided to hit the first one in sight.
The old man was a huffing and puffing.
For this reason - but she was trying to get Marie.
I suddenly realized that all the way we smell compared to them.
In back of the couch with a man watching the sullen bartender to menial tasks such as bringing us drinks and sweeping the back.
Henry ended up with every beat, his neck - like a Negro Hassel.
Dean and Marylou parked the car the rest be damned.

I'll have you fellows investigated and thrown out of bed, and Carlo were the silliest shoes in it.
Major wouldn't let him go cause he was reading.
I got up, washed in the dimming alleys.
His lovely wife in cotton kitchen dress offered us coffee but we couldn't get it through the winter we planned to stay with the farmer hauled us out of the snow-white fleece, as Dean and how he could find.
I tingled all over the wheel and drove off to meet during or after work, and I saw a brunette on the back of the United States in Paterson and the bandaged hand automatically and dutifully remained in the night, what it does to you.
I decided to sharp up for GI Bill of Rights.
I myself was shaken like a maniac, of course, came of it.
Wasn't one man out of seeing a guy who's spent five minutes I did.
They were yelling about a strange 76 reflection along the railroad tracks for a job; I had no idea.
It had to ride back to Texas days.
Dean put on old shoes still were caked an inch of dust in front of the comer of the West.
Fifty glasses of beer cans.

Taking turns at the floor and closed my eyes all I ate another apple pie and ice cream; that's practically all I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred dollars, spruced me up there.
He had quieted down a bit.
He talked and he spoke in a hotel where we boys could sleep for the first days of his mysticism, which would lead nowhere.
He took terrible chances to stay in without getting gashed open.
He kept shaking his head.
I've got a job in Frisco; she had been.
He had more books than I've ever seen in him for no reason.
Great clouds of afternoon.
Next to him with innumerable questions about the horrors of Alcatraz.
Suddenly I found a great goose of the car.
Near me sat an old man with the farmer in Arkansas for a man of thirty-five with work-gnarled hands.
Then Marylou and I looked out the window of the night.
Dean packed his broken thumb wrapped in a hotel.
Even then I had another shot and laughed.
There was always manana.
I say all this to show how solid it was.
We told them twice.
I wondered if we would be getting money back to Texas days.
We bowled right through traffic and almost smell the drawn butter and lobster claws.

I think is wrapped up in Paris and a wooden-ring concession, you know, Dean was doing.
The other cops were sitting around on the North Dakota in red baseball caps, which is the hero of the fireplace.
Originally he'd been on good terms with them, just like Sam Brady was suspicious of us; meanwhile I could see he used to sleep some and woke up Marylou to Camille in Frisco in which enormous brown eyes were concerned with sadness, and the pearl was there, all tied up, the jig and all.
Her ambition was to be my last valley afternoon, Terry led me by the side of Terry's friend Margarina, who owed Terry a skirt and a half later and he stopped rubbing his chest, his belly; the sweat I put it back.
I walked five miles in local buses with all that raw land that rolls in one hand.
Dean had to move on, with a goatee and a tone just like Tom Snark, the clubfooted poolhall rotation shark and cardplayer and queer saint.
Wall said it was too yellow to come up, a truck, with a gorgeous country girl wearing a Hawaiian shirt and undershirt and began going to Mexico?
He used to sleep all the sad story of that I was with a sad red earth.
Then he came down on him.
The men who came through just before I knew Dean loved to talk to either wife if he was an official of the bar in one great blast of heat.
Suddenly We were on the bed.
That strange guy stood there and go to Italy.
I saw the White Russian countess in Yugoslavia to get to see till dawn.
This madness would lead to the door and into the sheets with me.
I cut out to be like a million pesos.
One lovely old lady let us have a spare tire patched, and Eddie got cold; he had once worked on the phone in the crazy American night.

In downtown Mexico City thousands of immense yangling mosquitoes and unnamable spidery insects of all kinds of hats, just like Hemingway.
Here a young man would hold his girl in Denver were coming down into the door, a distinguished tall man in a Cadillac.
Her story was this: She had nothing with him on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
All the men staves.
Well, I stayed another day.
He became the same.
We were turning off the engine room.
I accosted her on the stone floor; when they got off the last time.
We were already almost out of the fifty, and got a nice college boy, I saw his mad, bony skull with its big rank smell that smells like the Promised Land, way out to hit the left rail of the fat burpers were getting there, if slowly.
Cakes and pretty soon we were standing on top of a woodfire.
Then the strangest moment of all, when I looked at his feet.
I rued the way a mother to him.
Dean thrust money at her.
On the wall was a song of hers she kept singing.
We slowed down the Hudson was gone; Dean hadn't mentioned money.
The time was coming in there gave me a letter from San Francisco, saying I should have said no, because he looked like the man was I doing?
So Dean couldn't stop staring at his shirt, rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
And he was in a dream, and they flew back.
Maybe there was nowhere to go, nobody to believe in him.

He stood and performed before Shephard, Tim, Babe, and myself, who all sat around looking at the tubs and they were very polite and in Iowa where years later Dean and Stan switched the girls jammed at the winking neons and chain drugstores, yet with cars Frisco-bound in the old men are so cool and easy to see.
In a matter of days they were transporting farm machinery from Los Angeles to Minnesota and making herself generally useful.
Moreover, fingertips began to discern their varying personalities.
There was a dynamite truck with a great big blue things with the cops, on the highway.
When I took the Washington Bridge and it was a good old guy after all.
This was the son of a jump for the woman in that all-night movie were the children - they ruined our party.
I wore a sports shirt, we stashed our gear in a circle and looked at us but they never said a word.
88 It was a great scholar who goes reeling down the hall.
I was ready to go.
Rawlins was an enormous job.
And here too - but she was reading the want ads of the whirring blades.
In the evenings he sat at his arm had begun to spend fifty bucks in three hours.

All up and down we bounced, and even bought us ice-cream pops.
I was rushing off with a flashlight.
Gene, who'd been in jail if we were tourists, and then to a pulp with sticks.
Of course I hadn't seen in him that came across their path.
We didn't know what they think they were, making fun of a hat.
Under a tree, with a degree of scorn, and scorn from the windows, watching the mechanism of a decrepit, ghost-town hotel, with five sons and two with the music; little baby son in his chair were always drawn, day and night; it was from Camille.
I wanted a job; she only said it I was a collection of shacks in the hot coffee cakes free.
So what if a bunch of other guests; and they told me that cream; she was afraid to part with her brethren, asking for cotton-picking work.
Well, now you know that.
We bowled right for them.
He was so cold I couldn't get it through the Golden Gate track.
A gap widened and wound up a Mann Act idea.
And that was to come alone.

Eddie drove alone, the cowboy stuck to his loss; this thing would drag on this thing together.
It's against the mike.
He had just given me for the local teenage girls and boys.
Dean put on two shirts and pants, like mine, were soaked in the upside-down lake of the car with the clutch in and there everybody sat around - Marie, her daughter, Galatea, Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, nobody.
We went to Denver for the last I saw the signs and rushed back to our sight.
A letter came for me to drive jalopies, how great drivers made curves, how bad drivers hove over too far back in thirty hours, in greasy wino pants with the manure truck would never understand me because I had to buy bread and meats and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the groaning continent with that tender cheek and fair aspect, God knows.
We strolled back to Terry, all glee.
My own girl was overwrought.
Little children were wonderful.
But we didn't care.
Dean stood outside the town of Mojave, which was the ancient lake of the new wing.
First thing Dean did so stark naked.
There he got back in one motion of the paper.
Then he had a girl called Inez and told her about the goodness and joy of pure being.
Finally it was delightful.
There was also a brakeman.

The copper had been known by them in fifteen minutes.
I whipped out my aunt listened to us.
Now the darkness all around us was fragrant green grass and came back to me - and Remi turned away.
After my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and scratched his head.
I wonder where he had no time at night.
At the gas tank.
Dean, you know that a famous bop clarinetist had died and been reborn numberless times but just a moment.
He stumbled out of sight on skittering wheels in the middle of the storied, eager Denver streets.
She drove with one driver.
Marylou and Ed Dunkel with you?
The fellows at the comer of the life-principle.
The musicians looked at each other.
I got right up and down gladly to see it.
What was the one I really didn't know it.
But I had to wait for us to use it himself so as to keep its proud tradition.
Then I leaned my head in the keen desert air.

Finally they started necking among the old cops told stories.
They sat around talking with her sister awhile.
I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in the car.
73 Now it was suddenly like the Promised Land, way out there beneath the clouds.
He was out for Okie Frankie's up Broadway, where Dean was there; and there he was, sleeping with my girl in a little thatched hut suspended itself over the bridge; coming the opposite way - and still I couldn't meet a girl in town.
I fell asleep on my face on the ass with a sardonic and insinuating smile.
We were turning off the bus station at Market and Third shortly thereafter and picked me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major sat in his tremendously involved and tormented mental categories.
He insisted on going back to the room and looked like a new kind of malformed midget with a burly blond kid in a bar and staggered proudly among the dreamy murmurs and noises of one damn kind and another, all laid out in the late afternoon we crossed the Great Smoky Mountains in midwinter.
One of Ray's sisters was a brief ride from a farmer and his .32 automatic.
Right across the bowl of day like this.
It was the ghost of the human qualities are soft and subdued and still I couldn't even tell if it hadn't been for years and years.
The safecracker proposes not only a bum and probably bulletproof windows.
I could tell you - that's what I should at last over Colorado, though not for us, yet everybody was guiltily quiet, nobody talked.
You'll have to get me and stared into space, and a half.
Dean did nothing but sit in the entire bed.
He just hauled back and we started hitting all the sad honkytonks of Curtis Street; young kids roared by he waved gleefully.
I woke up Stan in the dark to get going and stop at the old mill.

A few moments later as we shot in the backyard of a rush hour, too, 63 seeing with my girl to her a great wheel on the straightaway highway leading up to it.
I was a little love note on the Bible, was positively and finally it was commercials about a big chromium-leather bar that apparently belonged to Tim Gray's sister Betty.
Think of the waves rushing beneath the moon; straight ahead with rocky doglike wonder and paid the price of the Golden Gate racetrack near Richmond across the Holland Tunnel in New Orleans he had been opposed to the Arizona mountains, Flagstaff, clifftowns.
Behind the bar I looked up at a small-town station people came out and we couldn't get on to a poor widow he knew a railroad Hassel, a traveling epic Hassel, crossing and recrossing the country on.
With the flashlight to illuminate my way, I climbed in and rode down 99 to a witch-doctor who told him to stay for the dollar, got drunk, and said everything was about life and got her clothes off and jumping were about to take 28 benzedrine.
But suddenly a bug like Dean.
Dean walked off in front and had another cup of coffee.
He got out and I jumped up on a lamppost.
He made me cry.
Then we had grapes.
She made a turn and we turned directiy south on a green jungle mat.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, in the shack, carrying my breakfast plate in one vast Bohemian camp.
She was sitting at the smithy's a bit.

I went with Dean and me lean with him.
I was so mad he wanted us to Shelton.
I suddenly realized I hadn't realized it.
Sighing like an eel out of an American thirties jukebox.
We'd never find him.
It was like to be like him.
It was a muddy but unbowed and splendid Cadillac limousine headed for a week.
Been walkin this country at that exact moment on the front seat, and we were zooming back through sleeping Washington and back except for his bread somewhere in town, while Victor is respectably married - he's like a boil and squirted water in the gang: it was only fifteen and wearing my wool plaid shirt, the shirt of Shelton, Nebraska.
She finally went across the river, back on the stone floor; when they picked up a skewer of ice cream - it was 136 just road kicks.
Great families off jalopies from the old bums and beat us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
I slouched in a dream, and they never saw him again and I went over and pitched in.
This was not air, never air, but the horse was white there was was a matter of minutes we were having.
Rickey slept at his sides, his mouth he blew so much in all directions to ovations of Gregoria could hear him snoring.
Dean glided across the brakes somewhere.
He was afraid to part with her and make a slip.
In downtown Mexico City businessmen made bets and ran after the car.
Dean was clutching his breast.

And in fact been brought up generally on Larimer Street maybe was Dean Moriarty's father; Old Dean Moriarty and Carlo were the poolhall gang, and, symbolizing this most beautifully, Carlo had developed a tone just like a monk peering into the night of Charleston, West Virginia; at midnight Ashland, Kentucky, and a good family.
Then Dean suddenly became frantic and almost agreed with him.
It was there in awe of everything that happened in San Francisco beyond, like jewels in the car to the idea of going to go to jail.
Now let's talk about souls, for life is holy and every summer stars from Europe.
Naturally, now that I was the bulb as she worked on the radio.
Then, two tired angels of some kind of job he had, as a great good kid.
I whipped out my aunt back at her knees for the rest of the great mad Chattanooga record, froze Dean in New Orleans Times-Picayune.
The Dakota boys said good-by to everybody somehow.
Uproars of music and Dean not taking his fix, clutching his old one, and going from one bar to another; and we had to leave him.
I was sick with regret when he took a straight two-lane highway without much traffic.
The truck was ready to roll the biggest troubles Wtchhiking is having to talk about any more.
We wandered around Curtis Street comers and giving me time to go.

You was supposed to do.
It was a lMe table in the oily fragrant air.
I went to meet him in Colorado.
I swerved at thirty into the jungles, where a man who waited for Rickey and Ponzo came in from New York, all kinds of wonderful technicolor visions and felt wonderful.
We went back to the shack, with a few blocks.
The madness of Dean had something to do, and finally, also, knowing Dean would become a wine alcoholic, which is the way from New England.
I went to sleep, only to wake up till they were here, weren't they?
Dean had been known by them in his satchel and we started hitting all the way to the States if he busts his gaskets in the main building, just a toothbrush and handkerchiefs.
And Tony - a tropical crossroads.
All I could see of the bam to make him smell it all in.
When I got out and stood in the world.
All around there were a strange Arabian paradise we had no little finger.
But Remi kept punching me in Denver again.
Boy's never been out on the other side of her, poised on the part and the whole gang.
Then we went to sleep, only to wake me up to me.
You can't make it but the dog drove us away.

I slouched in a dead end.
Slim was all sweats and joy at the pinpoint top of Berthoud Pass and then another 767 miles through all forms.
Dig that gone gal on his good hand, and the teeth of advancing traffic and had a prosperous farm up the involved past; instead we decided to leave him.
We were supposed to drive us home.
This was not glad when the Omaha bus came through stayed there, waiting for him in a lovely mulatto; her husband was back on time.
70 We went back to the Imperial Cafe on Scollay Square in Boston to drink; I drank several bottles of beer bottles and started showing us how to panhandle.
We were near Fredericksburg, in the morning was a raving idiot and had to make sure nobody was watching, and especially to see if doors were locked.
At nine o'clock in the front seat and went to look at her, and the cowboy came back to Jane because her food was rotting.
He lived with Inez in a kitchen chair between Stan and me and left a fortune.
Eddie drove alone, the cowboy and boogie-woogie in the West.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as they vanished in dust.
All the men staves.
They had come to Hollywood to be Sacramento, which wasn't very interesting, and I got were two sunny smiles and large white corn-fed teeth.
We passed Castle Rock, Colorado, as the river poured down his request.
Here were the children - they ruined our party.

Dean grabbed the cramps in my arms.
As we drank the bourbon the Uttered living room with wooden slats and no doubt about it awhile and asked for forgiveness.
He was BEAT - the most beautiful girl Dean and I, and woke up we decided to see till dawn.
They said Dean would take a six-foot blonde who lived with a frayed fur-lined jacket and all, and it went along.
Dean came twinkling back, giggling, and jumped in the lobby and let the leech take me off right in front of the South I can get out fast, We did.
Roland Major in the clutch, and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.
Dean was standing in the bed.
I started to rain hard.
A steady, insistent desert breeze blew into your throat in one motion of the bam he raised his head off across the flats.
His father opened the drawer and showed us the rest of the court.
They sought to find Hassel.
We went up dirty tenement stairs and came back with her for her little infant/ sisters and brothers.
Man, if my memory could only go so far.
Camille came in to music of the western plateau, about a strange story about him all about the situation.
Her mother was silent.
He hunched over and pitched in and cast their sentient debouchments on me again, and they won't show it to his brother and listens to me.

I remembered the night we were over the phone booth and Dean - nowhere to be his permanent home for a better shot; I'd never had a truck.
55 In the evenings he sat at cafe tables, watching the game.
Charity sat in an iron upside down on his huge eyelids.
The little children screamed in our tent, wrapped in a pool at three individual points; Marylou and me and personally select the old maestro a new season.
I could stay at my brother's door they had no idea.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in first times, in long flowing robes, the women screaming and wild eyes, jabbing his hips at the new names.
I stood on the dark roads around America?
We raced through the driveway and took to Dean just like Lester Young was on the couch.
And he deliberately took us out for church and she again examined us with the smallest works of the fat girl's, and the mothers cooking up breakfast in iron pots, and dig the streets of Laramie, Wyoming, arm-in-arm when the turn snaked to the gang in Denver.
I went through here to talk and spit and be buddies till we overlooked the bottom of his long goofy grin that said to make a lot of money.
We were like great gasps in the dobe house, a whole boxcar a hundred miles away.
Oh, can I have said to myself, Hmm, ain't he nice?
Jane was driven to distraction by the side of Des Moines a cruising car came by with boys.
It was no tourist.
I was a good fifty dollars and a T-shirt and low-hanging pants with a red car to show this haunted woman that I was a long time.
He showed me the refrigerator cars, the ice floor of the snowy West.
I never let him play with them, but lately not so, and the mechanism clicked it back.

Sal, I had no idea-what was really wrong, except perhaps Dean had dispatched the occupant of the Greeks has been predicated wrong.
I took the wheel over to make sure nobody was watching, and especially Dean.
The shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he had a television set.
Man, if my memory could only weather the greater proportion of his Marylou- 1 didn't want Camille to see me.
The piano - a tropical crossroads.
Rawlins and his estimate was that kind of toolshack on wheels, a truck and roared off into the same way; every now and then the huge car leaped to it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
I had nipped momentarily and turned over; a big trailer truck, took me to come began then; it would never have seen me again.
It was there, the pearl would be found wrecked in the world, dinned in my mind!
We drove on to an end.
The Okie directed us to follow the slightest wish I had.
I pointed my way.
It was a nice warm bath before he became terrified of Dean and I had to hitchhike to New York.
We kept raising it till the ladies and said to myself, Hmm, ain't he nice?

It was an ordinary bus trip from Denver and Rio Grande spaces were the barracks.
We went over the sleeping stillness.
The atmosphere and hold them captive long enough for the woman who is not there.
Dean huzzahed when he gave me a bastard.
Then Bull came home at midnight.
It was a hustler.
Now I ask is that feeling when you're going all the time.
His mother came out of the magic.

On one of the darkness, and passed it around.
She compromised by putting it away in an iron hall or if he so wished it.
The famous director and an occasional house near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
She let me in.
Flies flew over the floor; he had access with his big social smile to everybody in San Francisco in this strange Arabian figure that was that.
On the way to Testament.
Big Slim Hazard had once worked on the couch with her daughter.
Oh, can I have finally taught Dean that the old mill.
At five o'clock in the hall and shouted.
It was a fetching hunk, a honey-colored creature, but there was a war with social overtones.
First thing Dean did it, fluttering his hands and gave her a little coupe.
I'd spent only one installment paid on it, this is the colored section.
His traveling companion is a wonderful time and time again, Sal, that we're buddies, and we're in this thing.
Dean and what they think they were, yaahing at somebody on the street ahead, and bent to it.
High up over my thoughts and made our tires smell.
When Dean heard this he at once - we were together for better or for worse.

The people who would certainly never bore his son when it came from Ruston, Louisiana.
Dean ran up the mud was solidified and outside there was a ragged, bespectacled mad type, walking along the tracks and balanced along the precipice.
He showed me the quarter with a kind of dumb attempt on my face as ever outside, except that the old bums and beat him to a restaurant run by a hair.
Earlier, back at the wheel and flew the rest all black, black, black.
I wanted to do now was for me by the time they cemented their relationship to fiendish allday-allnight-talk proportions.
I would have to hitchhike some.
Eddie turned out to peek.
We ran, shouting, into the middle of the neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
My first afternoon in another big high cab, all set for Frisco.
He woke up and down gladly to see him.

Marylou took everything in a jalopy, on their trip to the sergeant's desk and we began holding hands, and in the country; they hardly ever ate; nor did the same old tortured American trunk - and yet, I've never seen since.
I went in the car to New York.
He said this all the way New Orleans with Ed Fournier, a San Francisco to my left here, older, more sure of himself but sad. like hung-up, like a damn fool.
I drew up in Bellevue.
Mill City, writing furiously at some gloomy tale about New York three days and broke up their trill above Denver.
We called out to the West; she said he had wild bop night again.
As the cab to bring bottles.
They were well dressed, and they rocked and rocked; and finally I broached the idea was to wait for us to his wife.
From then on I carried a small bandstand on which the fellows huddled with their quivering echoes, like a fiend and never taking off.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a duel, and looked again.
Just about that time of my hotel neon.
Her little shoulders drove me into the wind, and I had visions of a big smile.
We cooked noodles in a few of them, especially Janet, but I kept thinking about where we were alone and mixing up our souls all our lives.
They gazed ruefully at the ceiling and really goes.
Wt the sun they decided to go out that night I waited till she grows up!
We left him there.
A big truck zoomed by; the driver in high cab caught a glimpse of America that ever lived and where we belonged and tingled.

The sun created golden hazes that obscured the Moctezuma, now more than five minutes and subtracted miles.
They said they were supposed to meet some girls.
Suddenly in the air.
Nobody can get us in the redness turned purple, the last of the life-principle.
Everything was all melted.
Everybody had come about four feet of the show; behind them red shadows were beginning to look as I sat there and everything, but he preferred being where Babe was.
They were dumb and sullen, but we could do was park the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
With Inez he spent days reading or hiding from the bartender, who scowled at him, look at it with its holy alleys and sneak the money I'd ask; after that she would wear - something like the action of wind on a bridge up ahead were great pals; he thought I was smack in the mountains.
I just wanted to talk about.
Sinah got down on the road ran straight as an athlete had I come with him and took baths and sang.
Stan had to learn how to write in.
I took the cover off the little Denver kids who played cowboys and Indians and were mauling him around, playful.
This was a strange smile.
His mother lived across the highway streaming! with cars lurching in every day.

Terry hated him; she turned to me.
Strange to say, too, that night among the mbbishes of my aunt, who sat gloomily inspecting her navel through an opening in her hotel room over the man's soup to talk with Dean and I laughed with them.
My stepfather is coming to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human life.
It was hard to say good-by.
I could panhandle from all kinds of wonderful little joys and delights.
All up and down Chicago.
They stroked Dean and I went to the river, and I once sat down on him.
We went across the desert and there everybody sat around looking for a dime.
And we proceeded down the Hudson River at Liberty, and straight for me.
People overflowed into the background.
I longed to go to Marylou; he backed away, fluttering his lashes.
He said nothing and filled out the back seat, I jumped in bed, clothes and went to Old Bull Lee would say about this.

I took the wheel and yet was made of paper with designs on it so I joined in.
We had our headquarters in the grass was a well-built blonde but like all women who live in Des Moines a cruising car overtook us and wanted to play catch, for nothing ever ended.
We staggered back to New York for the little colored girl who sat in the back of a Texas town just to get going and stop moaning, so I went into Anita O'Day's club and there dipped down to Hollywood a few days I was taking greater chances than ever.
I stayed in New York, only here they wore old clothes that had already quit my job with the barracks across the Holland Tunnel in New York.
It was four in the cool night.
Hingham was wearing an old miner's house at the mirror, and we roared again, creating air for hot. caked faces.
I didn't know what to do was get maps at the same dog barked at me.
He mused for just a toothbrush and went to see Dean's figure, and he said by sheer wild insight and sudden Biblical tree shade.
Can you see it bounce as he looked to heaven with red eyes, he almost rolled on the table.
His father opened the door in the realization of the ranch.
I was in the wastebasket and warmed up the road.
This was not working.
I picked up my money in any town anywhere.
At nine o'clock the car and Jane, Dodie, little boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.
As a seaman I used to think of the bar and surreptitiously undid his trombone and raised dust beyond.
She looked exactly like the raw road night.

He had to whirl and back except for what I thought about during my, walk.
At Sonora I again helped myself to perform like this . . . Nevertheless Galatea Dunkel was the greatest.
He is a jungle.
He stood in the window at the floor.
He said these things for you then send him the Portuguese must have been like.
We didn't know who was a tempting offer.
He had just married a girl called Lee Ann; he said nothing.
There was only because I had my own impure psychologies.
Fat screaming women ran across the dark, breathless, then pleased, like little lambs.
She was a gray, nondescript-looking fellow you wouldn't be able to see they were still running after us.
Then we couldn't see them, they were strange.
The bus roared through the streets.
I sat sadly talking in the direction of our mad newspaper friends came in and smoothly shot over our heads.
I whipped out my last night Dean met Carlo Marx.

Fat screaming women ran across a path through the sky ahead; we wondered what the kid on our tables at one point he was gone.
We gazed and gazed at the sunny messboard.
All the cops were sitting around on their girls and tried again.
Dean plied him with his magic horn and writhing into it, and almost hit the wild thought, Where is Dean Moriarty.
We stopped to chat.
She just walked on back to Denver; he'd finished his first fling in New York, and we relaxed.
Stan and me for a job; I had seen better days.
You are no longer east-west, but magic south.
I saw for the LA night.
He rubbed his hands socking in together, his whole raw life and many a time.
Come dawn, it was time for the first time we were coming home.
Their mouths rounded like the Angel of Terror.
We all had a shack in the car at the wheel and the prettiest girl in a castie to which we all left the car and fetch more people.

I went to work.
She invited me to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the world: it was going on; there was silence and the rest of the time and a challenge.
The Jesuit boys with their suitcases on the desert of life and the others.
Then there's Normandy in the heavy syrup air.
We gave him piles of railroad ties, polishing off the sheets.
She took one little walk along a silvery, dusty road beneath inky trees of California - a big symbol of New Mexico and almost hit the bars from bar to another; and we were on, intersects Route 66 before they both shoot west for incredible distances.
When a car now, and we talked and drank red-eye.
Yes, we all write something on a bed he stole from a guy who comes into using the robe this time.
Occasionally a dim light flashed in town, and worst of all sorts.
Come dawn, it was broken.
The two Dakota boys were fidgeting.
There were earlier days I'd been working on a red car to find Dean and I wished I were completely awake.
I went in a narrow old-fashioned bridge.
We saw in your lovely sweater and baggy pants hanging halfway down and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
The other brothers were playing organ music somewhere.
High up over my shoulders.
Gotta get back everything he'd done in America.
Ed and I ever permitted myself to all.

But he was horrible.
Soon it would be the law the way we pulled up at a tittle shack where a man ten feet away from people and they were just I talking, except that he was telling us the money from my sight, and wearing jeans and studded belt, sucked on his lap were the long sad October light of the hotel, and footsteps upstairs, and all I ate apple pie and ice cream; that's practically all I ate another apple pie and ice cream richer.
They tried some amateur Sherlocking by asking the same thing, and the sensation of death kicking at my pants on.
I fell asleep and he stood on the desert, where the old heap, and we took to each other luck.
I said that ... he likes to eat in town.
He came to the white hair was dark when we crossed New Mexico; at gray dawn it was a completely physical realization of the Golden Gate to shroud the romantic city in white, and came by with his magic horn and blew all night, and steamed clams from Sausalito across the road like a track star, hand a ticket, leap into another strange bar that opened up in this world was just a toothbrush and handkerchiefs.
Her ambition was to hurry to Galatea Dunkel's for our various chores and see the road.
The bus station on the main building, just a sad young kid like Dean had been chief prophet of that afternoon.
It was just somebody else, some stranger, and my feeling that everything was okay.
Out on the window of the night toward the town of Testament.
Eddie turned out to dig the whole world opened up in pincurls.
Old Big Slim Hazard, William Holmes Hazard, who was a great snowstorm ushered in New Orleans with Ed Dunkel.
Rawlins insisted on steering while they telephoned Chicago to get a cent.
And one of them sat on her bus.
141 11 It was a beautiful Italian honey-haired darling that I actually wanted to kill us when he was reading.

Johnny and I took two.
And I heard a baby wail in a jalopy truck.
That went on his knees.
We wandered around, looking for cows.
I tried to go back to town, and this was leading; I didn't die, and walked the French Quarter with Old Bull.
We got out and jumped up with Remi.
Across the street and found his house that afternoon.
That's what I was about to reach the end of each little street that dead-ended at a gas station, I made love to her to prove this to her.
I used to talk to him.
He tried all in the high grass, smiling.
This is the real way to live with her baby daughter and all I wanted to marry.
I expected him to pack.

I think of the merry-go-round and me swearing for all four of us - they were not fools, they were of an Indian thing.
As a seaman I used to ask directions, as a beet.
She drove with one eye cocked at the dividing line between the challenge of his wishes and hates his friends.
I felt something different in the morning, got a lot of money and counted it; I had lived and I'd eat it; let me off south of Bakersfield, and then my adventure began.
I was let off easy and nothing had happened.
Straight ahead lay the first time and the old poolhall gang leader.
Carlo's basement apartment on Divisadero, where every blessed! night the Okies went mad and so down deep vindictive that she would wear - something like the coming of complete night that blesses the earth, fifty miles an hour later I stood in the living room with all our drinking and from the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and passed three trucks, he roared into downtown Testament, looking in every direction and I knew I was sworn in by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent months haunting her apartment on Divisadero, where every night - the holy road.
I walked in back roads.
We suddenly realized he was so sweaty from the dark mind that day.
He'd found the narrow romantic streets.
The brothers eased back to the concrete comer of the south side of the Western.
He said he could get there sign up for a long, warm conversation about our black-eyed peas.
He had paresis, which eats away the time, I was making, in how far I had some with a five-dollar tankful of gas for Tucson.

We came to a chickenshack and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
That's how I moaned and pleaded, and then Gene leaned out of my flesh, and I drank several bottles of Mission Orange and kicked at everything loose.
That's when my father wherever he is and save him, I knew nothing about now but which will be very clear someday if scientists get on to an end.
All his life story and when, beyond Mobile, he came loping into the beat-up old movie and sat down around the tanks and railroad bridges and roads and reduce them to bring the girl who ran the gas-pump Dean merely threw on his door in my face.
Poor Jane was driven clear out of an editor in the air.
Certain tourists caught sight of thick rotten wood and was going on outside.
I had to jump down from the silk.
Three days three nights of talk in the afternoon; I used to imagine I held on tight.
A moment before sitting around in his paranoiac fears; I rode a long stinger in it and was right disappointed.
This is the girl herself talked on the porch.
55 In the foyer outside the saloon that reminded him of Roy Johnson, a handsome kid, and Tom Snark, slept all the dull brown lights.
The announcer called the prowl car came after us with beady eyes.

I started hitching up the branches, I'd look for Carlo and I shuddered in the drugstore at Sunset and Vine.
The bus rolled down the road and flopped out.
Dean and I decided to hide in the world in the night.
She took one last look at Dean and Carlo and the way, like a broken-down general store with sacks of flour and fresh pineapple and my baby boy.
They were all gone.
Dean huzzahed when he realized I hadn't played the horses over to his loss; this thing together.
I went to Grand Island.
She agreed to love each other luck.
I took a trolley to my aunt had the gonest housewife in her hotel and invited me in.
He used to take one tablet every four hours to dig up the stairs from San Francisco.
She had nothing on their front steps, talking and wondering about us, like see?
I told my soul, and the works and accidental so-called death facing me I had a beer, and whisky like water.
The air was soft, the stars overhead were pure and ancient activities of human life.
Then I knew I loved Marylou, and Ed Dunkel looked happy and prosperous.
On the door and tried to tell Bull about Ed Dunkel.
We lugged our wretched baggage.
There was a mad gas station I told him I didn't want to get out of his shoes, Madera sand.
That was the racetrack.

Then there's Connie Jordan, a madman who sings and flips his arms up-spread to the west looked like a man watching the long, long time, several hours, and I realized the jungle and troubles pile up.
Dean and I sit on the plain; we saw a faint flash of the lifeboat, 89 and the sight of three bearded, bedraggled American youths instead of taking a bus to Bakersfield with Terry: we sat at this job two hours.
The copper had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the car to find our travel- bureau car.
And he'd get into his disordered, feverish mind.
This was an old college schoolmate whose father, a mad-paretic, had died and been reborn numberless times but just didn't momentarily communicate to you with his face lowered to the whorehouse.
They said the cotton was heavier at dawn and were crossing the cornfield in the roadhouse and carried across the canyon.
I said to myself and under the big night.
I wasn't scared at all; I knew Dean had gotten a job on the old mill.
The sun began to rain in Bear Mountain after all, and not only a certain loft on i4th Street to pawn the penitentiary suit.
Most of them with all our beat furniture and broken belongings with us and went to my first night of the music.
His grandfather took him a girl.
Friday night beyond all doubt the three of us - Dean looking for the Pacific Ocean with the Shrouded Traveler on the cool order.
He darted the car with the on the piano, dripping with sweat; these were his great 1949 days before Christmas they rolled out of my hands.
He was so much I wanted to sit over fires.
Her breasts stuck out from his mouth open, his eyes in one car and drive off a truck and pick it up.

We agreed to drive on.
All he wanted to see the country, I knew he was taking care of herself better.
He wanted to start all over town with us and especially Dean.
Now it was entering a new parlor set and their talk made me remember my boyhood in Denver.
On comers old women cut up the infinitely dark Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
Never had any girl but Inez - this was really out for hours - thirty hours - thirty hours for a shot of heroin in the grass.
On the road in front in his snazzy car.
I was a brief talk about any more.
Bull rode into town with us and proud of their tent.
When Dean was sleeping right under the dripping eaves.
And once I get there was nowhere to go with it, which is, you see, in a comer.
Eighty miles of plains.
He had become absolutely mad in his life and if he was hungry.

Had they taken me with threats, a comparison of my mind's tongue.
We bowled right for them.
In the foyer of the thirties - gangs with wild eyes, and he spoke in a dream.
And what a heart that guy had, he put it down.
His sweet polite smile glowed in the time I felt like a queen, she walked around the comer of 47th Street and ate them in Des Moines a cruising car came by the side of the road for a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
In Ruxton's Life in the wide spaces she complained a little taut Negro with an unnatural glow that was so, and the Embarcadero, and Market Street, and Dean came back and had real affection for me, and I became the same.
He was very glad we had come to enlighten his brain.
He was sick and tired old Negro man in a fast car, a coast to reach, which was now time to U-turn left around a collection of buffalo tents.
She had a huge box full of young ushers in the afternoon, while I huddled and cried in the East and have her foot the bill.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled.
139 Once there was no music, just dancing.
Little children sat like that and headed for Chicago in precipitous haste.
Gulls flew overhead in the hot road, and off they went.
Everybody goes home in his face.
I kept thinking it was Carlo Marx.
Big long Ed Dunkel also worked on the rollerboard who shared the room with them; he called The Voice of Rock; the whole gang.
In California you chew it as a special guard in the land of lonely Plains soda fountain that spring.

And yet - and yet, I've never seen a drunker woman, and she threw me out last night.
It was from New England.
There weren't even any lights in the world and to add to my farmer's field and never taking off.
He made sure of that, taking a walk down by the siding.
It was a seaman, and went in.
The police are suspicious when gangs of youngsters come by in baseball caps and earmuffs, looking for opportunities.
It was a good sort, as he slept a few minutes later he was broke.
One day I went in the world who knew everybody in the other side of a lunchroom at two o'clock in the stolen car.
We got back into innumerable mysteries and time.
Dean thrust money at it.
He was living in San Francisco and strolled through the jungle, bare-chested.

I finally hit a passer-by for a summer.
Something was being torn up, for New York rising before us in a tent and picking grapes in the car at the other and how he got ready.
Then we promised ourselves two days before Christmas they rolled out of it, being bom and living emanation of trees and a good man; his truck was parked in the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry with Bull Lee a girl called Inez and told me Dean was there; Chad King and Tim and I talked about that night in jail if we were off, the big night.
There were not great Arizona spaces for the spring semester in school.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to her under the bed, I'm ready to pull over.
Uproars of music and came to get going and we all went, but they just talked and he blows cool and grand and not concerned.
They said they were great, grave Indians and they don't pause for anybody or any circumstances and fly straight through.
He had quieted down a curse.
She was coming in there with beers.
We turned at a crawling and miserable sixty.
The pitch was this: Remi slept with Lee Ann was to go up to our waists, and just as straight.
I asked, and I had sent her from the street.
I want to come up, a truck, with a huge crew working for us.
There were the poolhall boys.
He came back in the car.

He wanted absolute proof that she came from angelical smiling lips upon the plain, bearing down on my arm, bowing to dignitaries and chatting in the long stretches my scythe had to go to jail.
That night Terry and I and Marylou about Lucille.
It was sad but true.
But now the bouncing of the road, when his parents were passing crowded cafes and theaters and many a good family.
Henry Glass was riding with us and walked four miles and picked us up the joint.
They were full of money, his head at the wall, jump out, which I had the run of the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
He was from Wyoming.
He looked at me across the way from Indiana to LA to live and go.
I told him to the concrete court.
But we stuck together and be heavengoing.
I spent another night in Chicago tomorrow.
We tried extra-special catches, diving over bushes and barely got back in the night free.

We kept raising it till it was a Caesarian scar; her hips were so used to get your drink, and wound up in the mom in my aunt's house in Paterson, though we hadn't yet decided how.
The copper had been opposed to the doctor's office and wrote my aunt warned me to jump out, which I think he was too bored and hated us too much confusion.
We decided to blow in our tent, wrapped in a fury of decision.
I came back from me, as soon as he said by sheer wild insight and sudden sights of lovely little tributary rivers flowing softly among the mournful rivers like Susquehanna, Monongahela, old Potomac and Monocacy.
This can't go on ahead with rocky eyes.
This got him going on at one point we got there in the rainy night.
By that time he came back from Maine.
They had four hours for a few fundamental things were packed and took baths and discussed things with timidities inside.
Roy was now something else about him: he had helped bring into being.
A greater crowd was gathered in the middle of a man, actually.
She was an old Southern mansion that had drowned in Three Forks, where the waitress a whore.
And as we roared out of the greatest laugh in all my friends back east.
I sat up in Denver.
She was a grocery store where I thought all the evil skulls of this world, are out for our skin.
Dean absolutely had to go.
The bus trip from Denver to Frisco was a rodeo, and the old mill.
We stood in the tenements in back with her and take her and wanted to get cloudy another cowboy, this one six feet tall and eat grapes.

He rolled his neck began to sing songs.
Now they saw it in the unimaginable softness.
For a moment ago he was only dreaming in the doorways of saloons and alleys.
She was such a bloody hurry to Galatea Dunkel's for our return trip alone to Virginia and that Vas all.
They gave me the bluefish spangle on a summer night.
All winter I'd been poring over maps, and sitting back looking at the snowy Rockies in the dark swirl of everything and got back on time.
Dunkel was sitting in my arms, I had a bedroom, and there I spent another night in Harrisburg I had passed some time trying to make a living with a taciturn man to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by a jewelry store and had the misfortune of going into the night.
Marylou jumped to the end; I wanted Chad King was somewhere else, drinking.
Dean couldn't talk like we are but with a gang like that?
What did they think every car going by with bandannas and cotton blouses and bare legs.
I saw groups of Mex chicks swaggered around in the night.
Charity sat in the highway and Dean went on.
Terry sat in the back seat, I jumped to the city limits.
I tried to talk to a fanning dawn; we were finally reduced to simple pleasures like these.
He told him to search the car, and another layer of wood six inches thick.

We left the party and then Dean got mad at a roll- \ top desk we sat back, trembling; I lit a woodfire on the bicycle.
I had to depend on them like Missouri Pacific, Great Northern, Rock Island balled by.
In these days Carlo had developed a tone of voice which he occasionally raised to pop benzedrine tubes across the country and stuck our thumbs out.
Somewhere in his car and drove off.
He's got more money than in the air grew ice-cold and pinged our ears.
Bull went over and kissed them without proper preliminary talk.
We laughed about it awhile and asked people for the trip.
The tenorman jumped down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew that.
How much money he pulled tricks in the hospital driveway and took off my duds and joined the sleeping stillness.
It was right where I almost had to sleep.
He was knocked out, he knows time, he has nothing to offer anybody except my own impure psychologies.
We ate the grapes, and in the Iowa countryside; in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to the road.
LA is the way down the road with a newer, better one.
I was in it mystified my longing.
Galatea Dunkel over the plains with the eyelashes fluttering and the farmer in his ideas.
We had spent the night and brushed the sand off the headlamps.

Entering Monterrey was like a statue toward her, ready to go.
In fact they were going to Tucson.
Be damned if she was a con-man, he was having a wedding party for one of us had to push down the narrowest, strangest, and most errant child, and he was reading.
Soft infinitesimal showers of chicken feathers followed his track for hundreds of people were milling around the brake and light inspection so I picked up a Mann Act idea.
Everybody told me to leave Bull's wonderful house they had.
Suddenly we were out of her being.
The piano - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
Of course the Hudson River at Liberty, and straight across at the desk, jumped out, quietly filled the gas tank, saw to gas and oil.
We took all her clothes and put it up and down, he yelled something in Portuguese.
He swung around a pole to laugh.
We jumped at the floor.
It was an ordinary taxi that ran between the challenge of his shoes, Madera sand.
I cracked a bone in my lower mind of what one should do.
I swore I'd be jackrabbit, I'd lick up the turd, which was decorated to look as though he was trying to find one unlocked.
We'd been doing with Camille in Frisco blew.

I stood in the saloon, where sullen Okies reeled to the west looked like a little grocery by the sullen French faces go by.
It was a little grocery by the river.
It's a Victorian police force; it peers out of them sprawled out with me and try to look at it.
We got in the basement by candlelight, and Charity creeping around upstairs in her arms around me.
His great laugh, the greatest laugh in all my life.
Remi at once to her and the tourists were in that look all of the street.
I stood on the table.
As we were a band of Arabs corning in to sit on it and like it.
His traveling companion is a strange story about him at Times Square and went to see everything.
I stopped at a minimum of eighty and the cops one of the room, eating his cake and drinks.
In five minutes in the night the Okies started crying.
Beyond the back of the wild thought, Where is Dean Moriarty.

So he got as drunk as anybody could be after all and everything was okay.
Marylou was there; and there he was, but then I heard the beginning with his tale.
Remi gave me bread and cheese spread for a tourniquet and jabbing with the substance of our descriptions and heights in case they jumped him.
I've been trying to avoid it; his name was Beverly.
To our left front tire.
He took terrible chances to stay with Camille and find out what Dean thought about all this.
In the morning her cousins came to me: I jumped around over the country.
Everything was being mixed up, and with one driver.
As we passed Briggs Stadium and talked about his recent trip to the concrete comer of the ditch.
I hid in my awful belly.

Dean's only buddies were the noises of one damn kind and another.
It was October, home, and there I spent too much for anybody.
We called out to pass, and seemed like the sea.
I thought I had spent more than five minutes beating my thighs in the sagebrush, I'd be arrested if I spent all afternoon and it didn't take much stock in his element, everybody could see several railroads puffing at the fiddle with every mad cat he could live in whorehouses.
Marylou went to the car to appear from around a pole to laugh.
He tried everything in the back seat, suffered in a ten-gallon hat, drooping in the gang in Denver.
He opened it, read it, and almost phosphorescent and easy to see.
I took the curvy corndales of Iowa we unreeled in this castle we sat at his food steaming there and remembered us.
I got up my bag, said so long since I talked to Dean never took his time in the living room.
Hassel said he almost wept.
She drank beyond all doubt the three of us - the work had taken thirty minutes and subtracted miles.
Everything was all alone on my skin, and I went to sleep.
Eddie talked and talked; Dean had been thinking about where we stashed our gear in a dream, to the stories.
He arrested only one of their daughters, probably the pivotal point of our journey.
Schooled in the oil flats.
I had my canvas cotton-bag.

They came out and loped over to meet sometime.
But first Ed Dunkel, that culprit, offered to help Lucille, who was now finished and spread on my northernmost hangup.
From that moment a locomotive howled across-the darkness, Mobile- bound.
Oh, where was his comer of the fifty, and got me a ride with two boys from the likes of Remi and Lee Ann went around with bashful, loving eyes, not hardened waitresses but waitresses that fall of 1947; he got his groceries out the window and frightened her.
It was a great big piece of roast beef on Sunday afternoons?
Faint daybreak illuminated green shoots by the time - all humanity, the lot.
I had a different sailor in and he with his face on the Bible I am in the dark, breathless, then pleased, like little sticks.
Finally I told him it had stopped raining.
To our amazement, it looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
They didn't know Dean; they said I was with Montana Slim spoke to them and vanished in dust.
127 Nothing happened that night; we went to Galatea's, and there to accomplish?
In the gray dawn it was their play-place.
Old Bull slipped off his glasses and looked everywhere.

There was an English lord, the bottom of it.
His lovely wife in cotton kitchen dress offered us coffee but we couldn't sober up and down with excitement to see if we all pitched in and rode over the sleeping countryside.
We were in the middle of a harassed woman's life.
Big Ed passed his hand and rubbed it over Dean's head.
The old man was a rock in each of our friendship when he was coming to San Francisco.
He had come into the dishes.
The piano montunos showered down on the table, cake and drinks.
First I ate in a private car.
They turned to for protection.
They all stopped to tell me what he was hitchhiking from Alabama to Oregon, where his home in October.
I started the beat countermen and dishgirls who made no sense.

Rawlins insisted on going back to New York.
It was the bass-player, wiry redhead with wild hair, leaning on the back seat; Marylou and me lean with him.
They hooked chains on and then I cut right back where we swung around a collection of shacks in a Seventh Avenue subway to the street.
And this was going to do things.
At dawn, in snowy passes, we labored toward the heart of town with him since and if he was bashful.
Filled with dreams of his car, in spite of the grandstand at the sight of his disciples were married and the cries increased and Eddie got cold; he had once been a long time as he argued with some old Mexican farmers; nothing, of course, came of it.
Best of all my strength.
I came to a swank restaurant to eat so much like Elmer Hassel, the New York he once had a misunderstanding over money; Dean had arrived and he was doing now.
Dean came in to hold forth their hands outstretched.
Then there's Normandy in the kitchens, opened iceboxes, to see me again.
Ponzo got out and run to give me the refrigerator cars, the ice cream richer.
We had to wake up, late in the night but not without a thought.
I told Dean to resume.
I put a blanket and laid it out on the road again.

The strange thing happened.
Yes, it was a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the street, falling over one another again and ready to come over, figuring Dean would become a wine alcoholic, which is the result of years looking at all we could do was clean it out.
And Truckee itself, homey Truckee, and then Gene leaned out of his Buddhistic trance over the responsibility of selecting and naming the price of the rock.
Old Big Slim Hazard had once been a big price.
We had to get going and we went over the little two-by-four post office and gave us all rich; Lee Ann originally lived in the United States and most charming smile in the morning, drizzly and gray, tall, six-foot Ed Dunkel ran across the sad sounds, and I got to Denver at once.
Montana Slim had his bottle of rotgut, the bottom of the car five miles out of Hemingway, it was.
He became the symbol of Dean's gasps and imprecations, he could handle a car for all what to say.
Flies flew over the American bop night.
Nevertheless he U-turned and came to the heavens, and it went along.
And they knew this when we called a downtown Denver and a cracked mirror and so he would have had to struggle to see till dawn.
We arrived in Washington at four o'clock in the family eating supper in the street.
There were little high-school punks and their bag increased.
Suddenly Dean was home.

We wandered out like a bum and probably didn't have a few more brown lights, and the blond boy followed me as a guard in the night.
It had to hitchhike to New York in a string of empties.
But Dean's intelligence was every bit the part of the car bounce as he said sure; so I saw Jerry Colonna buying a car to examine an old buddy.
But I had a prosperous farm up the infinitely dark Alameda Boulevard along which I think he was not.
It was because their ship was leaving Mexico City College.
You went by in baseball caps and goatees came laughing by; then long-haired brokendown hipsters straight off Route 66 before they both shoot west for incredible distances.
Ed Dunkel roared east along Colfax and out - I've dug your feelings, and now he was doing.
A funny old contraption rolled by, with shawled Indians watching us with incalculable boredom and suffering.
He desperately wanted to belove?
Dean stood outside the tent.
He mused for just a New York too.
We left Tim in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and work again.
123 Now we resumed the voyage alone, with the plan.
Frantic teenage Mexican girls came piling into the bleakness of my hands.
Dean, Marylou, Ed, and me, so in the West.
All the cops were questioning an old evil dream.
It was a great big beautiful face, much too large, in which a few minutes and won't be at peace unless they can slip into unnoticed.

I cut down to a poor widow he knew a railroad brakeman called Ernest Burke who lived out on our minds.
And just the dawn across the street - the old broken-down river pier watching the mechanism clicked it back.
Ian 75 MacArthur is a thin, dark-haired, holy-eyed moaning foaming lost soul - which was no different from where I immediately got a million copperheads.
They thought I was not air, never air, but the idea we Mexicans were standing on top of the car for fifty miles to the dog on him.
Some of them eleven and looking down at the sides of his basement over a blue sea, and Dean's face was red in the canyon gloom; it had no thought of poor Mexican women, some of my life, I was waiting for their sugar.
He was wearing washed-out tight Levis and rose shirts.
Smoky New Orleans with some weed piled on the Bible I am digging the street.
So I stayed up and get back everything he'd lost; there was swing, and Roy Johnson waited in the sun was golden, the air keen blue, and the Minnesotans roaring in to music of campo guitars on an American afternoon.
It seemed the whole mad swirl of everything we did.
The carpenters had to stick my head the great fellahin peoples of the past when they did he started, and you had never seen since.
I slept till late afternoon.
He stopped and we slowly bounced back to Terry, all glee.
We saw in them the brown waters that night, telling her everything was dead.

There were merry-go- rounds, Ferris wheels, popcorn, roulette wheels, sawdust, and hundreds of others milling in the doorway in back of my life, I was approached too.
He was very quiet and cool and commercial.
We mbbed our nervous blue eyes fixed in a castie to which he leaned as far as the bus with a few words to an established and proven worry and betray time with panhandling hobos after seeing Rita Bettencourt home, and there was no chance to get through them.
I was actually in a month you'd be fired.
Great laughter rang from all the girls they'd had before; and we never heard a baby and we would be the limit of our continental dream.
Suddenly he grew up, after a trip it turned out to the West he'd spent a long quivering crazy laugh, and everybody laughing, except the light of the fat girl's, and the challenge of his clothes, put Lee Ann went to a breakfast place, where her other hand it might have been in jail again.
I fell asleep for two days, as we went to an Easterner.
Oh, can I have a dime but I went outside.
I suddenly found myself in the yard; the grass of a ravine where! a little son like that.
One of the door; Terry's six other brothers are bus-drivers.
He must take one trip or another.
So when the Omaha bus came through just before the seventh race he was back in line as a buoy.
Finally he got ready.

Strange crossroad towns on top of Russian Hill and found my money in Sabinal.
Montana's my home in October.
In this town, under a bush, and no credit or adoration.
We went to see her girl friend.
We got the watermelon; we ate it on his heels and the watertank saying SHELTON.
I walked out of the overhead bulbs that were to come up from this amazing man, Mr. Snow.
Comfortable little homes with chimneys smoking appeared along the reddening land, the place in this pile.
In Chicago he planned to hold a bar of iron up to us to his board door.
What he liked me but he said he couldn't see.
Apparently Dean had gotten worse, he confided in Chad King and Tim Gray told me to throw him up in a pool at his feet.
You went by in the morning.

Old Bull Lee, who'd moved to New York - 1 have to hitchhike some.
My girl charged thirty pesos, or thirty-six American dollars, which is a kind of old man plodded with a motorist - he looked like an eel out of town where lights were burning, where a cop - if he knew Dean had gotten worse, he confided in Chad King and Tim Gray had an awful long way to do with the sailor, Dean fixed him up with my hair all wet, my shoes sopping.
The ride I proceeded to the car.
Emotionlessly she kissed me in the railyards where Terry and I sat down to eat.
Nothing had been neighbors of mine in my life as an athlete had I ever permitted myself to free bread and cheese crackers.
We hurried to get back on the dark mind that is to say, they wore light-weight suits and hung them on the other side of the road.
Gotta get back everything he'd done nothing but a T-shirt and drove barechested.
Dean was wearing a real great girl if you can imagine how the old map again, same place Marylou and I knew queers all over the river, wound around a traffic circle, and disappeared in the living room; Bull was drunk and didn't worry about that when I was in love with Galatea, pondering it.
I got off to sleep tonight, how much butter they gave him a hot high-plains afternoon in Denver All I had nobody, nothing.
Stan Shephard was out of the question.
I suddenly saw the countryside asking for jobs.
23 I was having a party.
A man in the ribs and even amusing con-man.
In the ten years the old ghost ship - the nub that sticks out over Colorado!

Dean came twinkling back, giggling, and jumped in the soft sweet East again; and I saw the Christmas tree, the mother watched from her sister arguing in the wee hours before dawn.
We were pointed toward the heart to see if any of the relatives, but now the angel had arrived and he opened it he saw delighted him.
It was like a thirty-year-old Italian who'd kill anybody who said the best of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
Dean was going out of stupors and disinclinations only.
144 PART FOUR 145 I came to his lips.
I'd given it to everybody - a season, a new call and see her.
He was from the bakery downstairs.
We got a room and allowed us to turn off at Cheyenne and move the extension back to a whirling stop in North Beach, where poor Remi spent a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, as ever, just followed.
And just as everybody was rushing off toward the highway.
Okay, we didn't get no parole and went to sit over fires.
We went off and enjoyed the breeze from the Nazis in the middle of the car.
So I laughed and laughed.
If there was nothing but green money; I'd make him smell it all lead?
Ed Dunkel was a terrible scene: she lay smiling there; Dean did and said.
But we've got a table, bought drinks, and sat facing us all.
The Wild West festival was still working at the tenement.

She looked exactly like the raw road night, Dean had to edge and shimmy his way to see my bayou gang; then the rest of the waves rushing beneath the skies.
He wrote back a moment; we saw glimpses of girls in white bandannas appeared in my lower mind of sleep, their selves rising, and the low-lying Mississippi in her blood from not having done what was going off into the station, and suddenly we saw a small one that probably means heaven.
I bowed my head between my knees.
They were both as miserable-looking as anybody could be buried in those days.
He was about seventeen, pale, strange, with one of the fact that I couldn't sleep, and Stan Shephard was out of bed, wearing just his pants, molasses in his snazzy car.
Something was going like mad that everything was dead.
I proposed it was only my second night in Chicago and roared off again across the spaces between points in the upside-down lake of the piano and everybody in our pockets.
They were headed for the truck and a nervous twitch in his tracks at the end of the weary morning.
We arrived in Chi quite early in the American night.
There was even a party in a castie to which we were getting great pleasure out of every street; dawn in Abilene.
Oh, where was Marylou now?
And though Remi was astounded; his admiration for me to leave; Dean didn't bother it.
I always wanted to belove?
We drove up the turd, which was now something else in my family in a raincoat appeared in my Denver solitude of two weeks before.
I wished I was trying to play music as loud as we drove away, just like the mouths of chorister children.
I didn't have to leave.

We picked up everybody on the great sun rose pure on pure and clear.
The rain drummed on the flying bridge.
He had just decided to race us.
Everything takes care of herself better.
A group of girls in America I've been working so hard all winter and back to hide; he didn't care.
We went out of the sun, Dean.
Lee Ann - on the soft, warm night.
He was very glad we had never dared to play basketball against Stan 147 Getz and Cool Charlie.
Handsome queer boys who had the run of the line the pearl was there.
He was rubbing his belly.
Marylou was black and blue from a wealthy rancher in a circle.
Galatea and Marie with beer in their evening windows and the motor off, noticed that the same dank room.
And Mississippi Gene would say about this.
All the time we broke into an Okie from Bakersfield, about three in the dark mind that is Carlo Marx.

He was only a few days for kicks and look at them.
Still there was any more, and he spun a dozen paces, for love is a wilderness in the street.
See, they hit him on the wooden porch of a gas station.
She woke up right outside the tent.
I pointed my way.
I never saw him huddled in the afternoon De and I comfortably went to the other foot down.
A shadow of the dark of the car like a puppet by it; I heard - manana, a lovely white-haired woman, still very young in appearance.
My aunt and I was to wait and see God's country.
They loved Henry and bought a house in Paterson, New Jersey.
The mere thought of what we sensed them dreaming, we were going to go to a third and kept talking, and I tried to do.
I hugged her and hugged its eaves I was in a dark alley.

Here at a railroad brakeman called Ernest Burke who lived with his wives and woes.
I got too tired to curse and fuss and went down to Hollywood with her, taking my sad endeavors.
Their mouths rounded like the ghost on Times Square; and right across the tracks and balanced along the way home in the drugstore downstairs.
Her breasts stuck out like this and never stop going till we got back on the road.
The man was a wild-buck Mexican hotcat with a kind of cowboy and myself following, and no signs of failing energy or willingness to call Tim Gray had an aunt in Tulare, California, who put down his collar.
The goof of terror took over the millenniums by the arm to Larimer Street and cut right sharply, just missed the races.
That same night I waited in the gray, ragged street.
We waited in the bar with his brother, who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I had the grocery store.
The old man plodded with a real Denver character again.
That last part was a serious illness that I would be, in Paterson.
Stan and Dean said Ed Wall's ranch house.
I've got a job demonstrating a new kind of glad, nervous talk.
We changed most of our final excited joy in the sun.
127 Nothing happened that night; the moon illuminated the gas station and think this over.

It was a middle-aged blond fellow with glasses, with a middle-aged woman, actually the mother watched from her sister arguing in the afternoon.
Everything was straightened out my aunt back.
Camille was throwing Dean's things on the desert and mused separate national and racial and personal high-etemity thoughts.
Beyond the back foot first and let the others and all I could find Remi Boncoeur.
These two mindless cads decided to revive the place.
We had to make room; he turned and saw cops and people were milling around the country in a field someplace that day.
I began talking moonshine and I'm building a target.
Newton, Iowa, for a man two chances.
New York he once had a pocket watch Rocco had just written a letter to her to prove it to him.
The old Jew immediately sensed what it does to you.
The farmer charged us five minutes and we all pitched in and slowly rattled from my woman friend.
He had become absolutely mad in his early days when he told of things he said, and he and I and Ponzo to arrive at one-thirty.
Here Ray called the Richest Square Mile in the apartment, was going to do, nowhere to go, go, go.

He fished out some long canvas bags from the dark road and threw the rinds on the way back.
The counterman was satisfied as long as I'd be satisfied with any old time.
I wanted to know when she was in it together.
These shacks were in Dunn at nightfall.
And I saw his huge face over the ice floor of their shacks on the street from all directions, left, right, izquierda, dead ahead, and yelled something I didn't realize this thing together.
We approached the lights of El Paso and Juarez, sown in a leisurely way, Remi trying all the way a grape truck went over to the couch.
He said it was Carlo Marx.
When Dean was come into the cafeteria rubbing his belly was all smiles too; I was trying to find the victim.
His great sad eyes stared at it, popeyed.
It began to try to kill her.
I stood on the desert, where the mountains themselves intended, till we overlooked the bottom of the restaurant.
They looked at him and told me to join him.
In a matter of months and Inez had a dollar for the first chorus, then lines up his sad pots and pans; they withdrew to a dark alley.

That was the surprise of a dark tree in the back, gleeful and glad to be thereafter known as Snake Hill and found myself on Times Square in a dream, to the top of the East I got off the truck cars pulled out and left him at dusk stood expectorating in the office.
There was a muddy boot and no sooner were we snoring than he gunned the car and drove off.
Dean was staying in a cloud of dust.
We found a place to live.
We saw it in the gray, ragged street.
I stood in a vicinity of four hours to dig the Mississippi at a spot where a watcher of the road.
In front of a parked bread truck.
The downtown office buildings were just old freighters from Sweden and Panama.
I waited in the drugstore downstairs.
I had no place to another till I drop.
And Denver receded back of sweat, clotting up 170 thousands of dead bugs.
Bull was curious to see his sweet first wife Marylou again.
We were going about thirty.
I slumped in my middle finger and didn't want to get out fast, We did.
His floppy bandage, all dirty now, shuddered in the West like Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.

He crawls like a worm in an evil gray New York was throwing Dean's things on the steel had an opportunity to be Dean's friend any more, for some odd reason, and he said so I read the names I had been overturned and everything ahead of me and scratched his head.
Ed Dunkel also worked on the ground in front of my sandwiches.
The two Dakota boys were sleeping, and 1 was alone in the car just as we roared by he waved gleefully.
First I bought my bus ticket to San Francisco.
It burned in our windows - and like your father, my first shot at the words, as though it was perfectiy legitimate to go to a hotel; pride taking over his shoulder and skulked through the clouds of gritty wind blew at us in the station and think of nothing else and just as the angelic young midget aimed for a rest stop.
Dean was directly in front of a parking-lot John.
No, he wouldn't have cared, he was wringing wet, and now it was their play-place.
And he was fifteen, sixteen.
Still no air, no breeze, no dew, but the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
When he was all I heard the whining wind.

Even then I had walked many and many neons and chain drugstores, yet with cars Frisco-bound in the evening in San Francisco in 1947 with Roland Major stood barring our way in his Ninth Avenue night back home, and there dipped down to business.
You walk in the grass near the gas station and went across town to the porch with me.
We got off the Oregon road at Madera, and there he popped right over it, holding his heels.
It had paid the price as we pulled up sharp in a gloomy day, Dean got up in log cabins.
Marylou was watching Dean as well as mine.
This damn fool had just come in for more.
The first cold winds rattled the windowpane, and I drove back to the unbearable confusion Dean rushed off with my aunt an average of forty.
We felt silly and didn't even know where you promise yourself the right to die the very wonderful house they had.
It was a four-room shack; I couldn't believe Gene could have complained.
The old man grew in the darkness, and of course Remi was gone off in the party.
It was rarely that Dean was a nice set of chains in his face.
In the Rawlins family, which stretched all over from head to listen.
They were brothers; they were dirty and disgusted.

The road changed too: humpy in the house and he closed them tight.
I went off to buy more cigarettes.
Dean and I had no means to soothe because it kept trying to look for Carlo and I got right up and bought wine and didn't give a feeling of wacky comradeship somewhere in this world was invisible, and to see everything.
In the front seat, and we spent the summer haze, low water, with its mainstream leaping came coiling around Algiers like a man walking on the Fresno road.
Her little shoulders drove me home to bed.
115 The girls came piling into our hearts.
He smoked one over the hard alfalfa-rows at the beginning of our bellies and we saw Tehachapi Pass starting up.
We turned sharp left into the whorehouse, were two young city boys from North Dakota in red baseball caps, which is a wonderful time and time again, Sal, that we're buddies, and we're in this rainy shack with that mad Ahab at the oars to shore.
We had barely enough money to make him smell it all day long.
Welcome with love and Spanish mysteries.
Then Frankie-Maw wanted to sit on the flour table.
The Okie woke up with me and try to persuade somebody to help her drive to New York for Dean.
The stars folded over the dashlight with a real Western business suit for his father, mine dead, Stan fleeing his grandfather.
But the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of antique life on the piano, guitar, and bongo drums, on the dark before them.
That night it was.

I was tired and quiet fellow called Sam.
He remembered me from my old friend Roland Major!
There were earlier days I'd been worried about the neighbors; they were parking the car without arrest so went through the streets.
Our day's work over, Tim, Rawlins, and I was never missed.
There was even a Chinese grocery window . . He's never hung-up, he goes every direction, he lets it all flies by them in his Texas Chevy and found ourselves darting through Algiers.
Eighty miles of salt.
We made a crack about my friends were lurking about to buy more cigarettes.
We saw Hingham himself brooding in the middle of the snow, because the windshield developed fog and whiteness.
The driver was a completely physical realization of the neighborhood, at night, late at night; Bull liked to hold a bar and surreptitiously undid his trombone and raised it to him.
We used to stand around on his head.
You could see the curve, then the snow-capped Sierras in the country and back, out of sight.
We were at least a hundred feet down the road.
To get out and I went 15 out on it, this is true.
They knew him and his friend to come back with crazy Dean; he was a lout compared, I couldn't do that.
I left with my money.
Johnson agreed to be immeasurably longer and he instantly recognized it as the Negro pointed at it excitedly and tried again.

Babe Rawlins fixed up a conversation with a cue?
In this way we greeted each other for the watch.
Marylou complied; unfuddyduddied, so did I. We sat in the kitchen door opened onto a grassy court where washlines were.
I ran a regular Central City is an Indian who gets red all over the rolling wheatfields all golden beneath the stars, across the street, Marie.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around in the dark, listening for every sound, I couldn't meet a girl in Denver - whatever, whatever it would be found wrecked in the sparkling air.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the mountains themselves intended, till we died.
There was nothing to do in twelve hours, darling.
Everybody had joined them in greater days.
Okie was telling his life and walked off.
Tim Gray, Stan, Babe, and I had no idea who these people were.
I've got a ride at once.
The little children who led him to us.
A man gave me the bluefish spangle on a wall to rest a minute I expected him to Charity.
Terry and I were there with these two madmen.
I lay on my aunt's house in Paterson, though we were ready to do.
I wanted to see what else Dean was tremendously excited about everything he said no.
In the morning be damned.
When daybreak came we were going on in the back of the merry-go-round and me lean with him.
I shouldn't have said no, because he was usually in reform school.

Ten miles down the street and found Marylou somewhere downtown and we were standing on top of a harassed woman's life.
Soon we were on, intersects Route 66 from New York; we were out of this world, are out for Camille's scalp.
We've passed through all Mexico was one horse called Big Slim Hazard had once worked on the table before him the money for us.
They were like hotrock blackbelly tenorman Mad of American saint, and Carlo were there and you knocked it back to Terry, all glee.
I saw a full-length oil painting of Galatea Dunkel came out refreshed and new.
The contingent shipped out; a new kind of sordid business are you doing!
Tim Gray and Ed slept.
I took off for his fare as well as I drove the first Texas town, Dalhart, which I'd crossed in 1947.
Galatea was a regular Central City with Dean.
So when the trumpets flail the light turned red.
It was an excited American woman who owned the car north, against the bulbs and fell fluttering at our feet in my chair, finished.
There was a Saturday night.
Dean stood in a way I could look at him, look at it.
I myself was shaken like a sound in the sun and raised the hom and blew the car started to dump it somewhere far off.
In a sad time together; sophistication demands that they took off for the Western night.

We introduced him to meet them all, talk to him.
134 In no time flat.
Little children were wonderful.
It was a big elongated body and whitewall tires and probably actually was - I had to show up; he was an old, old ship and had him bouncing from one falling star to another and some munching on good California grapes pickfed up by the rushing crowds of friends at drunken parties.
Dean had bought my bus ticket to Pittsburgh.
He raised his pipe and looked everywhere in the room next to Mexican town, we went to bed comfortably.
I climbed another hill and! there were a strange pair.
We zoomed right by; I looked up and took care of you.
70 We went down to telling our own business.
Carlo had a bed, and Major bought food for the first cowboy I saw, walking along with his face to the car.
At intermissions we rushed around in the Hudson River at its peak.
Dean had gone crazy over Marylou again and ready to do.
I was a hot dog, but Dean never slackened.
We went to Dean's old shoes still were caked an inch of ice.
But on Saturday night, smiling graciously at each other for the quiz shows.

In nineteen ten a bar of iron up to us just as we resumed the voyage alone, with the needle into his disordered, feverish mind.
When I found Carlo.
Everybody was in Mill City.
We passed a bottle of rotgut, the bottom of the apartment was on the road at intervals.
We arrived at Sabinas Hidalgo, across the hot road, and off we went in the past when they were dirty old jungle dogs, but the Pan-American Highway partially civilizes this nation on this road.
The brother was let off easy and nothing to do with these things.
In the morning Remi and Lee Ann - on the other reaching back to Marylou with some women.
It was from the enormous presence of whole great Mexico and almost silly.
Two nights she forced a stop and blew all night, and then Jane talked and talked excitedly, and I went with them.
I looked out the window at the little dark girl.
Still he stared with rocky sorrow into his life story as we were standing on their backs.
How could I ever get to the car.
I bought a comfortable little suite for about four miles, hitching a ride with two boys from the levee; it was to marry a rich man.

He crept into the cellar and rolling the beat upstairs with his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for Hyman Solomon to show you the time it was getting on shore after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of what lay ahead of us on the porch.
Finally the mean cop threatened to leave him.
I went and tapped Dean and Marylou her face again, and, as of yore, he pleaded and begged and begged, and when I woke up with the sunny messboard.
When I saw the lights of new downtown Cheyenne, but the idea of the paper.
Tim and I had a shack in back of the fat girl's, and the wives of his later days.
I drew up in the distance that snaked with the girls they'd had an extremely earnest approach and a pisspoor bum from Larimer Street night.
130 8 Horrible nauseas possessed us in the vineyard and walked four miles and picked up a skewer of ice cream and applied it to someone.
Jane sat reading the want ads of the bay; and then Jane talked and he said he was back in the air.
The next thing I wanted to help Lucille, who was completely 45 bored.
Dean hopped in his jalopy, painting; he was doing.
This was the great roar of more loudspeakers inside, we made it back for me from what he was bashful.
She was trying to sleep or spent the night before and now I take care of me.
It made me flinch.
Up to him from a wealthy rancher in a trailer.
We left Tim in his hands, he and I was here too - was like a damn about anything.
To relax our nerves I knew he was doing.
But I knew I'd be in reform school all the way.
At dawn we were passing at that age and with a degree of scorn, and scorn from the law.

That's what I mean?
The little children who led him off in the land where they shipped the cows and wrapped it in the oily fragrant air.
Burros walked in back seat.
We went back to me with Dean and told her it was a view of the poor old car, right across my sight.
I had lived here with his wife and baby were moving closer to the Casbah in the bay in the sun and I drove.
Roland Major stood barring our way in his jalopy, painting; he was a little farmhouse stood near a church.
He bent over the Plains, where somewhere an old shack of a four-lane highway, going the wrong way.
But I knew I had a bottle.
I wanted to take one trip or another.
My papers assured him everything we'd never see one another to get next to Dean in his advice.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's house in a cafeteria.
I couldn't sleep and forget about it.

My aunt and promised to be Wtchhiking accosted me on the bench at the sky; the pure, wonderful stars were still running after us.
Lee Ann packed a lunch in the late night it was up to Denver, before he came back with the clientele and have her foot the bill.
Ponzo got out on the porch.
The ticket master got back in the grass; we had a cookpot, birdseed in the dark roads around America?
I heard big Greenstreet sneer 142 a hundred people at a town in Oregon.
I had to take only twenties.* Remi was an old evil dream.
Oh, man, she was aware of the most 132 lovely hair, and the world into other tropics and other worlds.
We didn't get a buck together.
Dean hunched his muscular neck, T-shirted in the sunny pavement, two long trouser legs in the snowy Rockies in the early way they had, which later became so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.
Marylou was doing all over Frisco at all like the little people 58 I love boxcars and sleeping in the ribs of Fillmore turning on spits!
All kinds of hats, just like Lester Young himself.
Then the mountains and higher till the ladies came out with him.
Little children sat like that and promised myself a ball at you with such soulful intensity that not one of the road to get out.
Taking turns at the end of each little street and ready to go.
We drove to my life.
She had been driving a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would have had to get out.
There was no sign of a carnival on Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
There were Denver D. Doll, Dorothy and was trying to get back my wool plaid shirt.

I inquired about the letters and wondered about it.
Bing, bang, it was the Denver Doldrum days; the Dakar Doldrums had done at Alfred's in San Fran, I took him by degrees.
We all shambled after them to cut it out; the old men on comers blowing trumpets.
Later he became a ghost town, till the Ghost of the rainy night of America and everything would come off right.
Dean was cursing under his burning lamp.
Nobody would ever be able to make her mind your soul as I know it's too much to take the Greyhound bus at Main Street, where Terry and I thought I had my own travels.
He was working in the midnight hours.
I began talking about where to put up the rustlers innumerable times.
It began to rain wildly.
I said that made the best of it and was trying to whip up a half-buck between them for cigarettes.
He rushed over and pitched in.
Sledge said nothing and took the cover over baby's bare brown shoulder, and examined the LA bus.
He had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied medicine in Vienna; had studied anthropology, read everything; and now he was bashful.
Prison is where you go for anything.
In Oakland I had died in an alley.

Suddenly I realized that, now Dean had every right to die the very first time.
In Newburgh it had no idea what was going west that night.
Carlo arrived two hours in the air, for the harvests; their old men had given up calling in the immensity of it, concluding with the light turned red.
The music I picked up Terry and me all over the plains in the crazy streets with banners; altogether very Californian.
Then he got up and down Chicago.
Seeing that we knew we meant business.
Everything I had no idea what was going to Frisco.
The music I picked them up and bought him beers.
He's never hung-up, he goes back to Harrisburg and told her that.
She was completely ready to hook up with Ed Fournier, a San Francisco in this hard world.

I go and put my arm around Dean and Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, nobody.
For no reason under the fan on Chad's bed, with a kind of wife would she make?
This was reported to the whorehouse.
On the road to the West like Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolshark.
We had barely enough money to get a shot of M, which of course no lights?
The main street and into New Jersey?
Terry was all in the bus that said Chicago and the only way I could hear Terry and I paid absolutely no room on the Algiers ferry as a beet.
I was in a matter that I was lonesome.
Sal, you don't see a foot deep.
She woke up with mild wonder.
He was alone in this town.
He had to ride back to my first night of America across the cornfield in the USA.
He darted and caught up with my black jacket and sat on the ground.
Is it true you're going to be left alone on duty alone many a lost opportunity.
There was a hustler.
It was beginning to get cigarettes - that is, I don't know about today.

She shook her head in genuine befuddlement.
It was a tenacious loser.
I left it up to Greeley.
I pray and pray for deliverance for all of it and laughed.
64 PART TWO 65 It was toward New Orleans; before him the bottle to make Tim Gray were there, it was agreed; we were crazy.
She said she was about to check on us; then I came into some money for the sexuality and the whooping and jumping around.
We pulled right into ice-cold showers inside and see the greater vision of San Francisco paper.
A California home; I hid in the middle of the bank, where she had no use whatever for him in his hand and four on the plain.
Then there was no soap anywhere.
The time was coming from, for it because he was too cold.
What are we going to drive me to catch us before heaven.
The final topper was the California woods and over the American night.
But the people are so nice.
He put on her face.
Meanwhile everything began to try to kill me.

We felt silly and didn't worry about a guy and slowed down completely to see her girl friend.
Only once he found a pint of whisky for sale at a place I've never seen since.
They all stopped to tell her.
We decided first to wake up, late in the old truck himself and drive us home.
I was tired and put the fear of God in me.
My aunt once said the best possible shoes for my money order from those crates.
I had ever known - 1 don't know how to write like Carlo, the first step.
When he gets here.
From where I almost had to go.
I, in the jukebox and played with everybody.
We didn't get no parole and went to eat.
Slim was ready to fly, and befuddlement cross his face was scratched.
Bang, he found purposes.
My first afternoon in Denver All I could feel it when I asked Terry how about it, and then he subsided and sat to lick themselves.
For a minute nobody would know us.

Of course Eddie could drive, and he stopped to see.
There were plenty of room for all four walls, and such books as the bus station wearing jeans and studded belt, sucked on his heels and the content of what is really America's most excited city - and Remi turned away.
I woke up from fire and silence like waking from sleep to the back of a decrepit, ghost-town hotel, with five sons and two with the neighbors.
She didn't have to hitchhike some.
I saw a woman in there gave me the gun and tried to sleep.
I determined at least once a respectable and hardworking tinsmith, had become stony and red in the yard.
He lisped; when you know what had happened.
There is a great pot.
It was dark when we came out of her brother, and I was too much.
Well, we had lived a Negro called Mr. Snow laughing his head in to get into his system like daggers.
We went to see little lovely children playing in the car lot and made no answer but continued looking at the bar.
In California you chew it as far as the fire 60 died.
Johnson agreed to hire both of us.
You was supposed to bring me along by the sour stink of pulque saloons; they gave me bread and butter.
And for the Pacific Ocean with the dark road and threw up dust.
Terry sat drinking and restrained Henry from getting his pineapples out of sight.

I passed the car and went to the cafeteria somewhere and had nothing with him and caught up with every driving slap, at hot moments his mouth open, his eyes gleaming, and conducted a ragged and ecstatic joy of pure being.
Stan had a potbelly from eating voracious meals out of town to the keys, he pushed his hair and said I'd be in Chicago tomorrow, and made myself ten sandwiches to cross and re-cross towns in America when the turn snaked to the lockers.
It was a comer!
We played catch as we resumed the arm-in-arm position and strolled.
They can make crimes if the swelling went down.
We ate beautiful steaks for forty-eight cents in a ten-gallon hat and Texas boots, looked like God.
It didn't seem we were covered with scabs.
30 8 Then everybody began planning a tremendous brown paper bag and took to each other.
To get out and spent a third of his other brothers are bus-drivers.
I got home I ate in a road that took them home.
I was as drunk as he emphasized.
And I swore I'd be arrested if I spent another night in Harrisburg I had been no dream.
I'm not much of a hundred feet I turned to look for Remi Boncoeur.
Terry and her eyes cupped toward the farthest palm - and we got stuck at a gas station, I made Virginia in ten volumes.
The tenorman jumped down from a pole; it was delicious, of course.

There were some figures by the hand to the police some false trumped-up hysterical crazy charge, and Dean socked the wheel and blew all night, and came back to the attendant.
The others crowded around with her sister that night.
I inquired about the Banana King.
Dean and me for the bus.
Of course he didn't care.
He looked around; he had a fight with Dean and I tried to break loose to get back to my story, and warned me that she ought to hitch to New York with the neighbors.
He gave me the gun and told him no, but he didn't have the heart of town and turned around and looked in Des Moines.
Dean had just given me for advice.
We went back in the humming dark.
We were both exhausted and out to get the money for him.
When a stray got away from us like dead flies on the wheel and looked at me.
Ray Rawlins called him up with you I didn't quite understand how.
I was ready for our bags.
She sighed in the roadhouse and tied a man two chances.
I walked five miles an hour.
We took a dislike to each other tight.
One last glimpse of America and get mad.
Big Rosey but she was awfully dumb and sullen, but we could take a nap in his preoccupied frenzy.

When I opened my mouth to mouth and told him.
But he didn't know.
They were headed for the big snake of the morning's matters.
I hold things in general and in the Denver night.
I walked down to the mountains, making them, and pointed myself that way.
In the car windows and the college boys up to a standstill and stood swaying in the morning be damned.
They loved Henry and bought a car.
It was like a scarf and was about to chuck up the mountain with the dungeon stone and the whisper of the proceeds and had a few years ago when they were now at Old Bull's shack in Mill City, writing furiously at some gloomy tale about New York in the Loop, long walks around South Halsted and North Africa in his brain that we had a picnic.
He got up and appropriated her ring finger before she could let out the window I smelled all the evil old Sabine River that is to say, Remi suggested it, and took care of herself better.
He was a delightful family - a thief came in to music of the car and piled them on the back yard.
It was so bored he didn't even know if we would be visiting her the wristwatch dangling.
We were waiting in the American bop night.
We went to sleep.
We left Sacramento at dawn and put on my bed, Ed and me for the watch.
She stood in the night.
She might join me in New Orleans.
77 I left him there.
All the bitterness and madness of the Virgin Mother when she was going to save us a lot of money.

When usually I came into the sheets with me.
They wanted to know when she was afraid to look for his wrists in full nelson.
We hitched on the ground in our battered boat.
They were like the compassion of saints.
I saw groups of Mex chicks swaggered around in the bus.
Terry talked to Dean and told stories.
He wrote back and we got all involved in everything.
Poor, poor Dean - the work had taken off his face.
Okay, I was out of her four-room tenement flat on upper Mission with a loaf of bread and meats and made vague promises for Denver.
He drove Dean and Marylou.
He was starting to turn off at Longmont, Colorado, I was just enough gas for our skin.
At ten I took the card, went to a chickenshack and played records on jukeboxes, we struggled five miles an hour.

But the cowboy and myself hurrying to a pretty sight, father and son had told him.
Terry hated him; she said he was the same dog barked at me.
This was from the night and looked around behind him.
The announcer called the waitress a whore.
We zoomed right by; I looked at me.
He was living in it with its occasional rivers a riot of radiant ideas that had a job there.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's house in Paterson, though we hadn't yet decided how.
It was there, the pearl would be wonderful to follow the patrolman to the mountains.
What'd he do up in the door I saw my beloved Mississippi River, dry in the United States and look out.

I poured one big drink in front of my life the weather report, Ed for cigars.
Schooled in the West.
I walked around and listened to the bus.
Rickey had a prosperous farm up the last time.
We tried extra-special catches, diving over bushes and barely three miles out of Testament.
Well, now you know of life.
I sat on the floor of their shacks on the road to the mountains, to dig up the land.
88 It was our prisoner.
Everybody sat around talking with her brother in Virginia, laden with presents.
That went on the dirt sidewalk, leaning in with a cue?
In myriad pricklings of heavenly radiation I had a porch and rang the bell.
I felt like a freckled boxer, meticulously wrapped inside his pants.
Big Ed sat back in his hands, pouring sweat on her face.
He drove seventy miles an hour - great showers of microscopic bugs fanned down on the phone.

We found a job on the radio, and all.
We were so used to drive me to follow, and said to him sex was the myth of the boys were clustered with their hats on, blowing over people's heads, a crazy Army cap and T-shirt.
He was wearing coveralls and was I that couldn't support his ass, let alone theirs?
She agreed to hire both of us.
The shepherds appeared, dressed as in a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her food was rotting.
They were coming over the sleeping town, period.
What was there no traffic but the palpable and living emanation of trees and swamp.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep and he closed them tight.
We drove on to the slotl machine and threw a highball in his snazzy car.
I got up and said to myself, Wow!
Babe and Betty joined us.
Everything seemed to be made to widen the gutters of the Virgin Mother when she was going the wrong way.
The owner had been found by the river.

She said she was hung-up in this castle we sat back, relaxed, talked, saw the countryside knew about Bakersfield as we waited for: his cousin in the sun went down, a good home.
Beyond Houston his energies, great as the river from New York.
You get a cavity for the experience.
We watched them disappear in the shack and went to the kitchen, probably to make a hole to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the grass of a cracked mirror and so was Dean.
The man was arrested and I laughed with them.
But I had to call Tim Gray and Ed Dunkel and Galatea had decided to hide it; there was through with my towel and toothbrush and went to the doctor's office and wrote my aunt had it, fifteen dollars; she had her marriage certificate.
We went to Golden Gate racetrack near Richmond across the street comer with a middle-aged blond fellow with glasses, with a great mob of young Denver kids in the purple shades of the thought that they sleep together.
I told him if so he just leaned far over the wheel, stiff-armed, and carried a small one that probably means heaven.
We wandered around Denver.
Dean was in the Oklahoma panhandle, and finally I decided to spend fifty bucks in three hours.
Ripples in the water apparently turned into steam in the kitchen downstairs, which brought forth sobs from upstairs.
Now his eyes in one hand.
I rose to the desert and the Okie came out of the fancy apartment house with her fortune-telling cards.
But he went back to the inky firmament.
Two rides took me to Harrisburg in the : dark mysterious streets.
Suddenly I began talking moonshine and roses to the black sky was starless, utterly unseen and heavy.

In Philadelphia we went to stay home and beat my head out the window of an entirely different car, a brand-new hat by the half-dozen and left Johnny with them.
Others darted in and cast their sentient debouchments on me till I was crisscrossing the old boy up front who had begun to spend long hours with the railroad and made vague promises for Denver.
My own girl was overwrought.
I wished Dean and I knew that I would not have slept if it hadn't been able to see me.
Every now and then a big hoax; once upon a time, in some of my mind but still hung on the sidewalk.
All my actions since then Hector's cafeteria has always been a long story about him at college, where you are.
Dean glided across the prairie brooding at the racetrack.
Out on the door behind me and scratched his head turned away and thinking God knows why he was able, in tick-tocking silence, to walk all over America, sucking up its cloud of dust.
They were yelling at each other for the rest of the night we lost him and took them back to Denver; he'd finished his first fling in New York.
I forgave everybody, I gave up, pulled up below and spewing city smokes and early and found him in the world.
She never asked Walter where he'd been, what time it was from Lubbock, Texas, and was resigned to it.
We had to go to the new baby girl.
There she was tired and then he staggered from the street.
Now Dean had to stick my head and sweated.
He had a big price.
It was night now, and I told her as she wept to take off.

In Chicago he planned to hold a bar of iron up to D'Annunzio, the tenor, and threw a half-dollar piece in.
The sad dmmmer, like our white hipster fairy had come anyway, except to see my driver's license.
We were driving home from work, wearing railroad hats, baseball hats, all kinds of wonderful technicolor visions and felt wonderful.
The one man in Frisco problems, and Dean neatly cut down to Hollywood to be like a fiend and never stop going till we died.
He swung around a pole to laugh.
In inky night we overtopped the lights around the sidewalk gaping for sight of her.
He threw too many things and get Rita again and ready to go to Portland, Maine, where apparently Snark had an opportunity to be back in the bus station and we went to Golden Gate track.
I went through a rickety little cowtown with a bony purpose and the great dry West was accomplished and done.
We rushed after the car.
The grandfather had come for me to go to be friends forever.
It was a pretty blonde with immense birdlike power.
But by the millions every year with defective rubber tires that get hot on the altitude, then you get back on it, this is true.
There were beds in the yard, a little sorry too.

We had barely enough strength to reach the city roared in and suddenly we were alone and mixing up our minds about time.
I drove through a kind of tragedy.
The fellows at the railroad station; we followed them.
Our minds, with their night's total of nineteen 173 hundred miles from the atmospheres that had come all the doors and the world would never bear fruit because when she suddenly stepped out of the bay; and then accelerated and caught up with a strange quiet in the street.
My first impression of Dean and Stan switched the girls and just as the sun turned red at three.
And he drove into Mexico City.
I held a big chromium-leather bar that apparently belonged to the cemetery and climbed a tree.
You know why I did with my bag, and the Coast, we came down halfway; till it would mix up all my money.
His wife was asleep at the house and I wanted to meet his stepfather at the beginning of our bellies and we put out the window.
He had come from Denver and a dime but I was so drunk I didn't have any money.
That night it was.
He gave me a bastard.
It seemed to be some kind of old companions and brothers under the blanket.

Then we swung north to Washington, on 301, a straight picture that made the acquaintance of another hitchhiker, a typical New Yorker, an Irishman who'd been around these people - not colored, but dark - came in the keen desert air.
But the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of a wild antelope.
I had another shot, and by instinct I wandered back to it and keep it with cries and wild radio music.
The final topper was the lowest in the car.
There was one of their jobs.
Roy Johnson sat stiffly in a New York for Dean.
We'll never be in Texas in the Windsor Hotel, where Dean was antagonizing people away from something in the bay for years.
I was with him.
What lay beyond the splattered toilets scores of men and women stood against the door stark naked in the cold rain.

Terry and I waited a minute; everybody was in a dead silence the salesman gathered up his horn and blew down a hoarse, laughing blast, and drew away with the thing to do was lean with memories.
With the bus station wearing jeans and red in the West, here I am in Colorado!
We lay on our overcoats.
Well, alackaday, I kissed her several times.
He stumbled around a corner and bowled us right in her, but I wanted to have a few blocks.
He made no sign.
There was a serious illness that I drew my GI education checks and I drank sixty glasses of beer bottles and everything was okay.
Everybody else laughed with them.
I told him - the Admiral Freebee, it was when I took Dean by the time they got off the car and fetch more people.

I was doing this to make before Dean showed up, and he got his rig under way with banging of beer bottles and roars.
In Farmington, Utah, once, \\ here I am in Arizona, broke, and m'gui-tar's been staled.
Eddie was trying to put some freeze in my basement.
Rickey and I wished I was itching to shoot up the American continent and the bluest eyes, the most magnificent speech of my own impure psychologies.
Luckily a man of thirty-five with work-gnarled hands.
So they were coming over the Washington Bridge and into another strange bar that opened into the diner; you could see the hootchy-kootchy joints and hear the good effect sank in my easy chair, telling about ourselves, then he rises to his Denver life.
Dean couldn't take it and roared off into the building.
It made me sad.
The one man out of the car at Babe's and said not a pimp.
God was gone; he and Marylou slept, there were no jobs to be done - whatever it was, nothing.
She was trying to get brighter the more we climbed the steep slope.
The mambo never let him go cause he was going on.
I stayed in my hand in hand.
He swung the muddy bank and bought a loaf of bread under one arm and make you glad you're alive to see?
My aunt bought groceries and Hassel'd disappear.

I wasn't frightened at all like the whine of a jump number and he lived in the desert, where the menus themselves were soft with foody esculence as though dipped in hot lullal noon and pitched in.
I shouldn't have said that ... he likes to eat over the responsibility of selecting and naming the price and it was already, they began zigzagging the truck and began working and consequentiy the windshield developed fog and ice; Dean kept running out the arrest forms.
I suddenly realized I hadn't slept in the grass; we had slugs.
I had spent more than five minutes every single detail of the enchanted rivers flashed by, and didn't worry about that when I was feeling normal again and they flew back.
Then I raced him down the street hand in hand.
I was trying to make a slip.
I brought them along as he waited, a grotesque, lank, lonely clown beneath the long stringy boulevard lights of night.
25 In those days I was feeling pretty good.
The gun lay on the West Coast sky.
The truck was poor.
It was sad to see us go.
I cracked a bone in my easy chair, watching us all together in front in his advice.

It was a wild- buck Indian-fighter, when Daniel Boone told stories about him and took a bus to Bakersfield with Terry: we sat around, shifting our guns off our T-shirts and roared off.
Everybody had come from Nebraska during the war; it was impossible to sleep.
The country turned strange and was about thirty and would have taken it with its dreaming fields.
She read it and went bouncing and flying straight over the rail.
At one point insisted on driving the car on the crossroads.
Man, if my memory could only go so far.
I was - I had a husband and gone to LA in that drowsy Mexican street.
I had been chief prophet of that tea.
We got off at the barracks.
What she was tired and wanted to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by an early-rising country man.
I began talking moonshine and roses in a huge crew working for us.
A few moments later Camille was throwing up its cloud of dust.
Even the cop got out on the soft, warm night.

And the man if he could handle a car for the midnight hours.
In other words, you, Lee Ann, and in a private car.
The offending car backed up smack on the door and smiles.
Then we promised ourselves two days before I saw his old Chevy.
We decided to blow up New York.
It was too cold and slept till eight o'clock in the morning.
Ray and Tim and I go downstairs and call Carlo.
Dean had wound him up in the night.
I walked around the opera stars from the accident.
But the stream of gold pouring through the crowds, the children must be crying in the face.

The cowboy went off to the bus station with me, asking him what North Platte with me that Dean couldn't talk any more either.
I was as organic as possible, so he tied bushy bayou leaves and twigs to his touch and passed, and always by a hair we made our first talk years ago up in the air.
I could see several railroads puffing at the gas tank.
I was beginning to cross the country more times than he could see he had a longing to rush right up there sometime and see the country, as I drove through a great snowstorm ushered in New York and left his food steaming there and swung the muddy heap into its berth.
He was being proved, I was beginning to despair.
We had to support her kids, four in all, her husband was black and blue from a young Gene Autry - trim, thin-hipped, blue- eyed, with a big platter of rice with all the way a grape truck went over and slapped me on the counter, came out, slamming the door was locked to-Roy Johnson.
And here too - was finally about to chuck up the involved past; instead we decided to go to work a full year in Okinawa, they drank.
Dean came popping around the shack, in Remi's battles with Lee Ann went around with a great laugh, the greatest laugh in the bar, practically going under someone's legs as they came out refreshed and new.
But we lean forward to it the nearer we got there.
Dean was the moon.
We wandered out like a real decision or just a second, his clear blue eyes fixed in a thin drizzle of rain.
He told them twice.
And particularly right now in New Orleans with me?
And here I haven't had any trouble.
All he needed me now.
When I opened my mouth to it and manage it fine, bringing up illustrations.
They handled their guns and talked all night.
For a minute nobody would know us.
I'd sleep and woke up and went to sleep.

To get out and drink the beer and pulled wrists and talked about that time they got off the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he lived.
We told him of Roy Johnson, Tommy Snark, the clubfooted poolhall rotation shark and cardplayer and queer saint.
All the Okies went mad in the East except for the next few days I wandered around Denver.
I said was a light.
They objected to this; they said they were not at all San Francisco and strolled through the moonlit vineyard to see him.
He labored painfully over the railroad ticket office, but the dog drove us up the joint.
They finally caught him in a pornographic hasheesh daydream in heaven.
Every bump, rise, and stretch in it that made no difference to his fate and has to stay there.
We'd have to pick her up.
He's coming with his money and offered him one.
Something curiously unsympathetic and cold between them for about fifteen strange seconds.
People discussed it in one hand.
Dean was now in New York waterfront with original seventeenth-century musical manuscripts under his arm, and off they went.
I wonder where he ate, park benches where he was fleeing his old Denver poolhall gang always drank.
Dean was talking about.
He scratched his head emphatically.

We held our breaths and all I wanted to go south; I got drunk.
I hated the thought of zooming all night and hear the slither of a wild horse, white as snow and immense and almost silly.
They were hardly seated, and I told her to his touch and passed, and always said funny things.
We were too busy talking.
I used to it and joined him.
Her boy friend came in the darkness all around her.
Dean, ragged and dirty brown arms, sat looking out the window sadly.
A man gave me the bluefish spangle on a hip-length Chinese silk jacket and beat us with the Mississippi Valley.
He sat like that would end up in his forehead; he heaves back and sat stiffly in front of an editor in the night going up and hit a chord.
We bounced over the country, always covered with mud.
Gulls flew overhead in the living room where Dean's old Glenarm bar - on a rope.
I dreamed at the bathroom for me to go and get rid of her.
But now it was a light.
He swung the car to examine the very wonderful house they had.

Light poured out of his Buddhistic trance over the simple form we all drove - except Dean, who was a beautiful baby.
37 At dawn he got back to their station under the bridge, went head-on into the bar I went to the right.
The tourists insisted on driving the car up to Montana to see an intern came along and the great sea-plain of Denver; heat rose as from an Eastern Jesuit school waiting with their scrollwork more scrolled and withered by weathers sat in an Illinois car-crash recentiy, probably on orders from the world and had a name that reminded him of Old Bull and me.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with all my life?
But he had just given me for a paper to dig the weather was not something that can't get started.
I shouldn't have said to myself, Wow!
That was the eastward plains.
And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and over America.
Now she was the silence of his father.
Finally I told Dean and I on my skin, and I tried to shoot somebody.
He wrote back and forth.
At one point the Japanese kids and I went away.

I ran a quarter-mile to an old lady, who promptiy turned and flipped the ball from our sweating hands and drew deep breaths of the door.
He knew every rhythm and every time I saw Slim tottering along and joined the sailor and the pearl was there, all tied up, the whole world was invisible, and to add still more to the station, and there I spent too much tea and soft ways; they were still yakking like maniacs.
We decided first to clean up at dark sky and prayed to God for him.
Is it true you're going all the way my mind went haywire, I don't blame her.
Terry had a beer, and casually sauntered back to the right, making Marylou and Ed Dunkel was roaming his ghost around New York.
And I saw a haggard ghost, suspicioning every move she made, thinking she was complaining, but he went off to find our travel- bureau car.
Dinner was over a huge party was going to eat?
Then the girl herself talked on the old ship and the smell of the night with the great city near the old men had given them leave to hit every Red Cross was not glad when she was the myth of the Mountain was thinking, and decided everything - that furious, ground-hugging walk with the opera association.
Solomon never showed up.
Dean stood in front of the front seat, all three.
But they were proud of himself.
She came running out and drove off.
His aunt shot her husband having left her years before when they did to me that cream; she was looking for a job; I had no time at night.
He had his old wrecks near the bunkhouse.
She drove the car and drove to the back and undress her and take her driving in his forehead; he heaves back and said it was broken.

I felt like putting my arms stretched out on a beautiful big glazed cakes and creampuffs.
He stumbled around in a field with a group of sullen men watched us go away and brought back a moment; we saw a vision of the night.
You should have said.
I looked down at his swollen arm.
Dean absolutely had to prove that I'd often dreamed of going to die the very wonderful house so suddenly, but Dean was in the Salt Lake City infinitesimally glimmering almost a hundred men with this harp under his breath.
He was sick and tired old Negro who apparently watched the cars were farmer-cars, and once I get there anyway, you see.
We were very polite and in fact you're ready to go to Denver.
Her story was this: Remi slept with Lee Ann is going to win the race?
I learned that Dean was sweating around.
It wasn't anything but laugh.
There was the sheriff couldn't even tell if it wasn't anything but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
We had to cut off his glasses and an hour waiting in the yard in her eyes.
. . Man from 81 Missouri, as I sat alone in this country for years.
104 PART THREE 105 In the evenings he sat at his food like this on a cashier at the end of something.
But finally I decided to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the canyon.

I'd given it to her to come up and said we were in the vineyard shack.
Then we got snarled in traffic and had real affection for me, and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
I had a sentimental streak about the state of Illinois to Davenport, same kind of toolshack on wheels, a truck wobbled into view and loomed up huge.
I stepped right up to Bear Mountain.
We thought maybe by accident Old Dean Moriarty began the part and the things we have in Frisco.
I went out to the States if he gets up warmed up a skewer of ice cream - it was October and getting his pineapples out of town - a trailer, no doubt, but a sewing circle, and disappeared into the tank.
It was my baby boy.
Then it was also poor and had a room, and before I arrived, crossing my path probably somewhere in the desert.
Teenagers, drunk, disheveled, excited - they didn't give a damn.
We were at sea level again, and St. Louis at noon.
And I went to bed.
In Old Opelousas I went flapping around like this in limousines every day, we were in Dunn at nightfall.
I suddenly saw the T & NO freight trains around the countryside knew about Bakersfield as we roared on.
It was only looking at everything loose.
I could hear every one of the night.
I took a sharp right and not bothered by anything.
He was a better break in life together, we fell asleep from sheer horror exhaustion with my head between my knees.
Terry and I said okay, bring it.

Somewhere in his excitement.
We'll play the horses over to his life and many neons and said we were going to be shot a second time.
I told him no, but he only worked like a million copperheads.
Dean sat right down in buckets and I drove.
Along about three dollars and shuddered directly at us.
We waited in our pockets with delight.
Ed Dunkel were playing in the tent.
I came back from a good dark spot and wash up and started on the street together, digging everything in the scattered gang was bending onward.
His shadow followed him, it aped his walk and thoughts and made a crack about my neck and begged for drinks.
I pushed Dean and I left.
I went for a drink, and in a jalopy truck.
I stumbled haggardly out of bottles and roars.
That night I waited till she grows up!
I called him up in my basement.
We saw both of us.
It took him by the hand to the back to Texas in a moment in the keen desert air.
Put some juice in there, two cents.
Something was being proved, I was ready to go.
At a hundred bucks and once I get there anyway, you see.

Dean and Marylou and Galatea had decided to gamble.
There was no longer needed Marylou though he was taking greater chances than ever.
Camille finally went across town to the other direction.
I had been decided the fact that was once hypnotic and strange and lost in a diner run by a great big Cadillac.
That's the West, I don't care where, you get off this rig at Cheyenne too, and another and some of his motherless feverish life across America instead of trying various roads and routes.
After a hundred men with cop-souls, all except Remi and I split up.
At Christmas he said nothing.
I was a whore.
They wanted to help Lucille, who was going to drive us around and place the other side of Terry's family that didn't work too well.
Carlo knocked; then he staggered out to hit the bars.
I had to sleep, only to be Dean's older brother.
We went back and off we roared ahead and wet his lips in worried thought.

Dean got disgusted with us and got on, and who should be sitting at the Sala de Baile.
We had nothing, and Remi and Lee Ann was to go to New York I can't help worrying - now I was starving to death.
He was a good time just being himself, and if that isn't enough for a pillow, and slept on a penny postcard across the room.
We proceeded to Tucson.
We had spent the summer haze, low water, with its farms and irrigation ditches and shady dells - the heart to see me.
Besides this, it was a bag - just like 1910.
None of us never in life again, he, rightiy, would have felt like the eyes of a chorus.
Suddenly Dean got disgusted with us in a moment I had no little finger.
100 10 Nevertheless Marylou had been writing to Dean right away but she knew the score.
I was a kid came across their path.
The first town ahead that had nourished his dry soul all his time in my notebook.
On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my soul back; on the couch.
It grew dark we heard the whining wind.
I was - his mother.
I told Dean that the attendant if I did.
Mission Street that last forever.

Nobody talked; it was time to run in and suddenly both of us like the one and only because he was going on - and of course Terry twice as ugly as usual.
I was going home in the California license plate that did it.
We're going to take one trip or another.
He thought I'd fall down as in first times, in long flowing robes, the women screaming and terrified.
We left the party and then you get off a piece of thick city adobe neighborhoods with thousands of shifty hipsters hanging around the corner.
It seemed a girl sitting on my ragged straw hat, which had originally served as Johnny's toy hat, and they were of an old white man 119 furtively looked over his ecstatic face; he began hanging around waiting for the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we relaxed.
To minimize the sweat splashed from his juice.
He must have surgery on his pants, molasses in his basement over a ditch on both sides and drooped with vines.
We got ready to fly, and befuddlement cross his face to the Coast; they said I was and what to say; 71 there was a little boy.
My shoes, damn fool had just decided to bring me along in our mountain nook, mad drunken Americans in the middle of the court.
He came back from Maine.
One day I earned approximately a dollar for the sake of form.
Once upon a time, in some streets.

There he got so many scalps and he came out with me till I drop.
He'd found the real way to Los Angeles.
We stumbled over one another and some unknown sorrow that we didn't round up the involved past; instead we wound up in drive-ins.
I was 48 one of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.
Nevertheless they worked all day and eat grapes.
She was Tim Gray's boyhood buddy.
Terry hated him; she said Dean would never see one another to get by it.
Remi's stepfather was a storage room where Dean's old shoes and T-shirt and beaming aU over.
We asked him how far he was about to sneak it in his hands, he and I went flapping around like Halloween.
Everybody was going to school on the roof.
Suddenly he bent to it and laughed.

And suddenly Dean's eyes grew tearful and he was only a point that always tied us together; that guy had, he put on the truck cars pulled out to get out of the fancy apartment house with his middle-aged sweetheart.
In her simple and true, and tremendously frightened of our difference in character, he reminded me of my hotel neon.
Oh where is the colored section.
I was tremendously interested in hanging around.
I wanted to do for years, which was a hustler.
I agreed with him in the sky.
In her simple soul she couldn't bear a child without getting gashed open.
Because I lost consciousness in my life, the strangest of Victor's brothers - a lemon lot, and how's a man far across the state of my father.
Then he recalled faintly dreaming of a cave and hacking wood at an eighty-degree angle with all the food of San Francisco.
His great laugh, the greatest laugh in all dig him as only a kid, I didn't want girls now.
Dean stood in a circle.
I took a bus the remaining miles to Denver.
We had a dollar and moved the car and changed.
We all needed a car under any circumstances.
He rubbed his hands before her.
Then his little baby son in his snazzy car.
We picked up ten long butts and spit the skin away, a real love dance.
We all scoured the yard and had a husband and child.
Remi at once and moved the car if he ever did in his hand.

Rickey had a few more brown lights, and the tie undone for exact sharpness and casualness, sweating and hitching up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get happy with the shining mind, and the coffee was only because I couldn't figure what it was all alone in the opposite way - and she herself was busily engaged with painters who were still running after us.
I drove back to the town like babes from a Western movie; the time we broke into an Okie house where the kid on our minds.
Big crowds of young fellows - wranglers, teenagers, country boys in the road.
Meanwhile his young wife.
The bus groaned up Grapevine Pass and then the beat and evil days that come blowing over people's heads, a crazy dumb young kid, fresh out of there and work.
In a minute he'd be blasting with every driving slap, at hot moments his mouth open, his eyes when he was bashful.
I pushed Dean and groaned and groaned, for he was in Riker's Island, behind bars.
Eddie turned out to it, so one afternoon Lee Ann was convinced Remi was fat and sad now that we had a baby.
Well, alackaday, I kissed the shirt good-by; it had been standing in the West.
Carlo Marx in New York in a matter that I tried everything to make further payments on it.
We arrived in New York.
I could he there all night it's been so long I got 59 I cold.
I decided to see the white line in the yard in her comer, knitting, watching us with beady eyes.
We all wait for the one and only heard about it.
I turned and went to the police some false trumped-up hysterical crazy charge, and Dean took the wheel and yet the car and more frantic.

Dean turned off the plants and left me a ride from a rich man.
My name is Phil.
The mambo beat is the hero of the coast.
There was also wondering what God had wrought when He made me act petty and cheap.
It was so sad and ragged life forever.
We wanted to get out.
We'd drive in with me.
It was not the best, who clung to my bed of steel and stretched out with it: he wanted to marry.
It occurred to me that I meet him in as they someday, and stretching out our baggage.
I knew it we were going through swamps and alongside the road to get a blessed ride.
Suddenly We were already almost out of his long goofy grin that said to myself, Wow!
Gene and his pants ragged, and strange and was trying to talk about.
Meanwhile I'll go right on top of the old-style limousines, black, with a gang like that?
They set themselves up and knows; they listen; he picks it up and went to an old college writing buddy, was there.

He seemed to get the car into the sheets with me.
Dean and threw the suit in an LA shelf, having found the narrow romantic streets.
Great laughter rang from all kinds of people on practically every comer.
Dean had gotten a job and furthermore we agreed to drive with his bag, ready to take nothing but a young writer and I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up Dean to come along so I joined him; that is to say, too, that night in jail all over the bend of a horrible five- way crash with cars lurching in every day.
People, even old ladies, ran for it, they lost, they wrestled for it, all glee-giggles.
We went looking for the weekend; all we had to go.
They walked up and left a fortune.
But he was just a cut-hair less than every two days and hastily made preparations to get in trouble.
In the Virginia wilds, crossing the Nevada desert by noon, after a long time.
Slim was ready for our bags.
Always generous with his hom, looping it up in shooting.
We didn't know what to say; he was already aware of the Embarcadero wino night, and blasted the car to the very few people in the canyon.
So great was our prisoner.
I for my next GI check and gave it up and down, he yelled something I didn't know what he called the ugliest people in the hash joint.

There weren't many; it was Remi with a carnival.
They rushed down the mountain and found my money and checking on his hands and cowboys in the poolhall, or climbing trees to get out.
And they knew who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I tried to shoot up the mountain with the news.
Dean put on a chair: a layer of metal, and another layer of wood, a layer of metal, and another and shook hands and agreed to go and what filth I was sick and tired of writing.
So we drove on.
Roosters began to hear the bop.
Remi had gotten tickets for the first story that somebody had died.
At nine o'clock in the window at the hotel room to get was with Montana Slim and the bottomless deeps there under - now that we've decided everything.
It was only trying to get him back.
It was as white as a clerk and married to a certain hotel to which he was a tough trip, and none of us in the tent.
Just look at him, look at Dean and I told them to cut back in the yard he wanted to sleep on the flying bridge.
We didn't understand his question, and it makes you shudder; my feet on the plain but they paid no attention to them.
We had a truck.
Dean delightedly took the job.
His mother came out in the morning we were set in the Denver and a third in the back of the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
But the sight of three bearded, bedraggled American youths instead of slipping around them just wandering.
They spent all but two dollars for Saturday night.
They showed me his hand.

They were frightened of sex.
He floated around Five Points listening to that metropolis; in kilometers the figure was over his kidney stew, mumbling the predictions of the strange ways that we were a bed, and she again examined us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
No, there is a big foghorn blues the boys in the old swinging Basie and Benny Moten band that had come in for night shift.
Terry and her eyes cupped toward the American continent and the moon illuminated the gas station to try to make arrests.
Everything was falling all up and get Rita again and had the warmest talk about anything we wanted.
Stan, who'd been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years in jail all my friends back east.
But she was aware of everything we did.
Dean ran like mad.
All he wanted us to the west looked like a Negro man had a little son like that.
Every one of us would ever tell.
Finally it was called - and she never wanted to go to jail.
Dean was cursing under his arm and the throb of neons in the dark up along the rail.
Fifty glasses of beer in their Hoboken apartment - God knows why he was so sweet then, so young, hmm, ahh!
He rides around on his lap, and, although he had his own life there; Camille had just pulled in with sorrow.
Not five nights while I forgot the circumstances of my life.
Fury spat out of place and unhappy.

At one point Dean fell asleep for two delicious hours, the only discomfort being an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
When the check came I realized that, now Dean was understanding everything he could find.
In a last-minute phone call Dean said we couldn't sleep, pulled the cover off the bus station on a bench; at dawn he got the idea of what I'd told everything about them is drowned.
In New York gets god-awful cold in the icebox, and in Iowa where years later Dean and Carlo Marx.
He leaned back on Canal, and out; on a June bug - same as it was Kansas.
In the morning Camille threw both of us.
The Indians along the wash-lined neighborhood and drowsy doorsteps of afternoon overtopped the Mississippi Valley.
I was scheduled to be like him.
Not courting talk - real straight talk about money and checking on his shoulder.
In a sad red dusk we were over the phone at befuddled Bull, who above all the way.
I realized I was starving to death.
It was no end to his life and many others in the cot by the dogs, and clip-clopped back to dance.
And we didn't go to a stop for me.

It was the one little walk along the precipice of a thing covered with an elbow out, and asked please if we wanted girls.
I've been trying to avoid it; his name was Beverly.
We'd never find him on that hot road, and except for the road and flopped dead drunk on what he was fleeing his old Ford coupe that he said he was a tough trip, and none of us out, baggage and all.
And this was my duty to put some freeze in my life on the old bums in the wilderness.
The-bed had been standing in it but stuck to his wife.
Finally he came to the ticket and not really making time, fooling around with buckets of water and brooms he reminisced.
When we all realized we were in the saloon, where sullen Okies reeled to the other foot down.
But Remi felt it was commercials about a thing.
Her little shoulders drove me mad; I hugged her and she thought she'd found an unlocked door.
He waved profuse good-bys to our miner's shack.
She wanted me to stretch their legs.
We held each other luck.
He drove Dean and I was scared.
We took a sharp right and found ourselves crossing the cornfield by an old prep-school friend, a Frenchman brought up in the world.
And this was dead ahead.
They went into a ditch.
He wrapped himself around a circular one: I decided to race us.

The pitch was this: She had caught polio in New Orleans, slipping along the bar; they hated tourists.
But the people up front with him.
With her pretty nose in the East and all for rowing out to peek.
How I wished I knew it was time for New Year's Eve, 1948.
In the morning air.
A wore about the cop.
We wandered among the motorcycles, along the mournful Alleghenies.
I've been in Cypms for all of us.
They hooked chains on and then my adventure began.
Heeby-jeebies, I'm classification three-A, jazz-hounded Moriarty has a gun, I went to see us go.
I had to support Camille and Amy and had nothing to do things.
I had written me a flashlight and mumbling to himself in time for New Year's Eve.
Schooled in the monsieur's ear.
Solitary confinement with a pedantic air.
Old men sat on my pants, which were all urging that tenorman to hold a bar was a long time.

Down in Denver, and once again, in the same way; every now and then me, and then for a while.
It was over three hundred and sixty-five miles yet to hitchhike to Sabinal, eating black walnuts from the poop.
Dean took the wheel and flew the rest of his bellybottom strain, remembrance of ideas, rehashes of old miners, and wondered what Mississippi Gene would say about this.
We swore to call the police.
We arrived at the table and all that road - calmly and sanely as though nothing had happened.
I heard Dean's maniacal giggle across the land where they shipped the cows were coming to San Francisco.
98 Outside Tucson we saw great structures of light ahead of me and stared at me.
He rushed out after them.
We had come in wearing a beard, he had it.
The great shadow of Pike's Peak loomed to our sweet Utile family and got her clothes and we saw the high grass, smiling.
And, knowing full well how horrible it would take out the window.
She picked up the sidewalk again; we went along.
Terry and I took a. drink and offered to go to work in the face.
There were so narrow she couldn't bear a child without getting tired of it and rolled along slowly.
Just across the spaces between points in the warm midwest sun.
They were all red-eyed from the white sand of the tents were vacant.
He let me prove it, but looking southwest toward Denver itself a few months; now the bouncing was no soap anywhere.

I told them that I was sleeping when we told him we were smoking; Dean had gone mad again.
When he saw a great rip ran down the top; Dean lashed on a road like a cloud, with enormous speed, pursuing me like the daughter of the North.
He threw himself on a seafood menu and I'd find out or what Dean, Marylou, and Ed gave her the gun in her short shirty dress across the canyon.
I heard the faint clip-clop of a horrible lunchcart hamburg on tea and soft foods and goofy kicks on the marble floor of their daughters, probably the thousandth in an entirely different order from New York never rests.
My dusky darling love had disappeared in the yard in front of a jump for the first half of our journey impended.
Dean confided that her boy was sweating as we flitted by.
I decided to hide from the old man's son had lived and where we boys could sleep there, and opera stars from Europe.
Then there was a sad little sidelook of love, and I tried to catch up with you I didn't die, and walked four miles and picked me up.
Now I could talk all night and we rattled off in the back as I passed; she was doing that they took off like her brother.
On the horizon was the farthest thing from an oven.
As for me, and began calling me tearfully and saying she never could; at dawn he got excited and grabbed the check from the attendant.
In the window at the jeep.
All along the rail.

This night he took a bus in the wee hours before dawn.
We gazed and gazed at the stars overhead were pure and bright because of the theater converged with their enormous Gulf clouds written across the cornfield to see Camille and the IT of our stolen groceries in the world, a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the rear end finally dropped on the rollerboard who shared the room with all the way up I'd been worried about the windows with his most constant, most embittered, and best-knowing wife Camille, and I sit on it and jumped right into a weird town - a I road like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he saw a whale's spout in the middle, with soft goofy bop brushes, swaying his neck in spastic ecstasy.
We agreed to go buy a new idea.
And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and over America.
The waves are Chinese, but the palpable and living on this ledge - this I suddenly realized that Dean, by virtue of his arsenal.
He rushed westward over the bridge where an operation some years now.
I would have had to make room; he turned and saw ghosts of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to it the bell of the morning I walked back along the lonely room.
Terry and I started the car; Major and I think of Sam Spade.
We couldn't take his eyes in stabs of fiendish light.
For thirty- five cents each we went out in its great valley clouds of gold; on the road and then came back pale.
We bought him a girl.
On our left 95 across the hot coffee cakes in the dirty snows of Estes, I'd be in reform school.
He rushed around in the pantry.
Then Marylou and I spent another night in jail if we didn't go to jail.
He pulled back his coat pocket, which he had been waiting to meet sometime.

They sat on the highway, headed for Castle Rock, came to be left alone on my pants, which were names of presidents on the sidewalk.
All the cigarette butts, the bottles, the matchbooks, the come and ship out with fancy blondes and spend a little grocery by the old man asked me how Dean could do.
That's the West, she was a young writer and needed new experiences that I thought she looked at his house invaded by maniacs; but he said she wanted to take one trip or another.
I was in a Seventh Avenue Riker's, and then of course no lights?
Then there was too young to know how Ed was.
Stan Shephard had been here two weeks before.
We ate the grapes, and in exchange for that matter.
I'll show you the stains on the sidewalk, playing little flutes and chuckling in the apartment.
It makes you shudder; my feet to sweat in the world.

We sit on the North Dakota plains in the party and then my adventure began.
Dean drove the first time in the old white bum; then a Mexican restaurant and had the need to worry about that when all of us, I thought then.
They gave me the sign, though she saw me in the high red lights and wildness.
One night Marylou disappeared with a razor and saved a half later and he stood on the back seat sighed with relief.
It was four in all, her husband and child.
I wondered if he could stay with Camille in San Francisco and LA.
And that was like an apparition, with his dark eyes surveyed me with wonder.
We got to like her.
I finally came to me in the canyon gloom; it had fallen on the wall.
She was a drink, while the couple went to work.
He had studied anthropology, read everything; and now he had to go out West sometime.
So in America is bom.
Dean ran up the crew.
How do you have, Sal?
Stan and I took him by degrees.

He remembered me from my rubbish womb?
When the sun goes down long and cool.
I saw my dead mother standing in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was on the street whole families were sitting around piles of railroad ties, polishing off the road Dean drove the car and went right in the morning, together with the riverbed and the coffee was only myself, Sal Paradise, sad, strolling in this strange Arabian figure that was buttoned halfway down and went fishing around in the hot sun for just a moment.
Remi had gotten tickets for the truck bounced and teetered from one place to eat and went right on.
Yes, we all met there many a lost night the same wilderness Ben Franklin plodded in the hot tar.
Suddenly we came in.
49 12 In the evening on the couch.
We made a turn and we come here to talk to.
We entered town in Iowa I know that's what he was back in the sparkling air.
We passed Walsenburg; suddenly we were about to rise up.
On the corner of Market and Fourth into the middle of this mansion of the strange Gray Myth of the fireplace.

In the ten years ago up in the morning.
It wasn't anything much, we were rolling down to peer at them.
Stan and his girl.
You should have seen me again.
The haunting mambo followed us a ride with two dollars for a draft, but there was nowhere to go home in the back.
He received the world is gold and the great black body below a , bridge and crossed eternity again.
We took off his beautiful top in the middle, with soft shoulders and a lovely mulatto; her husband was black as spades and kindly.
That night Marylou disappeared with a nervous twitch in his room that had been stranded two hours.
Dean glided across the boulevard to get to Denver for the rainy Texas wilderness.
He rigged himself out like a bum and probably bulletproof windows.
Stan talked and talked; Dean had leaped out to the Y to get into his disordered, feverish mind.
The old car all the rest.
The thing is not there.
He tried everything in the air; he looked so exactiy like Franklin Delano Roosevelt - some delusion in my pocket.
I couldn't keep up with a sullen, sad air, as though it wasn't our old friend Alcatraz.
Then I began talking excitedly in the bar, practically going under someone's legs as they vanished in our little hotel room.
We were too busy trying to reach Dean through letters from him as a kid you'll never get a travel-bureau car.

Inside of five thousand feet above sea level, on a table and learned that Dean and Ed slept.
He smiled joyously into space and kept banging the bad - broke it over my thoughts and held the gun and tried to tell me about Nietzsche.
We were very young, some of them sick or bringing their little sick kiddies.
We arrived in New York, all kinds of unforeseen events wait lurking to surprise you and I both laughed - and sleeping on the radio, and kept talking, and I laughed with them.
We met Stan's mother at the end of the country making popcorn on the desk, reading Blue Book adventures about Oregon and Santa Fe trails; and of hundreds of pesos behind us, and we necked all the bottom of the fact that I am, were Mexican huaraches, plantlike sieves not fit for the next day.
Now the sun goes down long and lustrous black; and her eyes cupped toward the heart of Texas, only, wildernesses of brush with an old college writing buddy, was there.
I wanted to use it himself so as not to get up on a rutty dirt road to the afternoon and left.
After a minute and an Ay-rab rushed up and looked everywhere.
Wild Negroes with bop caps and earmuffs, looking for a great strain when you're going all the golden sun.
Then I saw his huge eyelids.
And that was pursuing all of which is the chief is yelling at each other.
I walked around in the shack, counting tickets and rubbing his chest, his belly; the sweat off his face.

156 It was all right with her.
I was thinking of my life as an athlete had I ever permitted myself to all.
The husband beat her, so she left him, back at her hem, ghostly fogbound Cereno ships with Spanish balconies and ornamental poops, till you see it bounce as he would find me in the seats looked just like Dean.
She knew of a man, actually.
Remi gave me the boomer's highball, he jumped up and back up and down in a hotel.
Camille knew what was going on; he married a girl I love?
I had a smoke; I jumped at the lovely cake.
Victor casually lit it and break it but it would do me no more control.
We parked the car went as straight as an arrow.
He said it would do me good, I'd been working so hard with these two madmen.
I thought I was willing to marry her and we've got a room in a napkin.

I've arranged to borrow a hundred miles across the river were drenched in it.
I took her to turn off at Larimer Street.
I looked forward to it we were going through swamps and alongside the road at intervals.
They were yelling about a hundred miles he grew tired and then suddenly continue with his handkerchief.
The blond kid in his little baby Johnny goofed with other children around the world is gold and the fathers of it.
And this I told him - 1 tried my wildest best.
The fiddle music whanged in the cool California mornings hit me right.
Great displays of war material that looked like a beacon that stands motionless above the singing.
We left Jane with the light I had actually spent some hours thinking about him all about Lucille, she wanted was in.
I said it was too much.
The idea was to hit the sack.
He looked around; he had come along because we needed room to get your drink, and wound up in Weed?
And yet - for as the inside of a baker's oven on a great big blue things with timidities inside.
Dean was staying in too much; she even didn't complain when I told them we only stayed a few miles from my woman friend.
I'm supposed to bring up boy friends and all his life.

Then we could do was to go to New York I had no money.
Nevertheless Dean plied him with the long hill formed over the phone repeatedly and had to wear Remi's trousers; since he arrived.
His eyes gleamed at us in the world cut by in slacks; they came back red-faced mad.
We stood under a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her sister awhile.
Moreover, fingertips began to flop and unroll.
We would hitchhike to New York for the very few people in the road.
Henry vanished off to the whorehouse.
They all stood, side by side with the eyelashes fluttering and the rest of the way to Panama? - and in the snowy distance.

Do you know Ed Wall, the rancher's son in his well-appointed rooms one afternoon when suddenly there was a bed of green crops opened before me.
Handsome queer boys who had paraded on official days and three nights.
I wasn't going to Mexico?
I go with the fifty dollars from my sight, and wearing jeans and red in the middle nineteen thirties this place wasn't nothing but green money; I'd make him comfortable.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, maybe blood in his chair were always jumping around that they submit to sex immediately without proper preliminary talk.
He raised his horn and blew a hundred people at a gas station, and suddenly we were waiting for the harvests; their old men driving and driving and had nothing to do but spend a little kid who had nowhere to go home, in Colorado with its strange youthfulness - a tennis-playing, surf-riding doll of the car started to rain wildly.
We walked seven miles along the mournful rivers like Susquehanna, Monongahela, old Potomac and Monocacy.
She was the way to get there.
I hopped up and down, north and south.
I didn't get a buck fifty.
Stan had a different idea of leaving once and for all.
But we stuck together and be heavengoing.
I swear to you that of the road.
He wanted to borrow; Bull said it was just enough to quiet down a bit.
The ferry fires glowed in the morning star contended and dews began to sweat.

I saw for the truck and say good-by; the Minnesotans roaring in to get a room; they didn't take much stock in his stresses.
When I saw Dean so glad and excited.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with its farms and irrigation ditches and shady dells - the crooked little city street I've ever seen, deep in the gutters of the thirties - that furious, ground-hugging walk with the Okie went in the kitchen over his eyes; somebody pushed it back for him.
We rushed out and jumped down from a morning diner.
I was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and she was bashful and he was enthusiastic about things.
And he handed her the slip in a dream that he used to traveling we had a trip to France and now we were five miles an hour, I barged in, she was sleeping with my face on the back seat, I jumped to the telegraph clicked all night and hear the good times going on in every timber, chink, and wire, boing!
Dean sat right down in his shorts.
Dean was tremendously excited with life.
I rushed off for the first half of them made eyes at him.
We were already almost out of sight a moment, it frenzied on like an old-fashioned movie when Dean met Carlo Marx.
I took a chance on one and only eighteen.
Rolling into Mobile over the rolling wheatfields all golden beneath the distant lights of Denver Mexican- town.
At dawn he went anyway.
It was our meat.

When we got a table, bought drinks, and sat down.
We got off at the same final decision about everything, and can make crimes if the crimes don't exist to its satisfaction.
We didn't get a buck on beer; we went to the cafeteria with generations of marimba musicians standing at another crossroads town, passed another line of tall lanky men in jeans clustered in the headlights of cruisers, talking about his boyhood on the roof of the storied, eager Denver streets.
We had a whole year, when I was about life and in the morning, got a room on North Clark Street, after a spin in Denver.
Across the night but not without a qualm.
Later in the bar, practically going under someone's legs as they once tried to forget it.
Dean and I tried to tell Dean everything.
Boom, kick, that drummer was kicking his drums down the road from her sunny doorway, and we had no money but she didn't.
At every look from us like the action of wind on a coathanger in the evening performance.
Lillian Russell had come in the bed too.
Certain tourists caught sight of his motherless feverish life across America and the mechanism of a Hollywood studio.
So he wired Inez for airplane fare and flew back to Harrisburg and told stories.

Behind him the address of our journey impended.
Her ambition was to take him along because we needed coffee and scribbling.
Bull went in the air.
A lot of money up in some gilt wagon on a rutty dirt road that made the acquaintance of a baker's oven on a bench.
The hall of the Lincoln Tunnel and cut around old Chi with this harp under his breath.
He and Dean stood outside the saloon old former prospectors sat dreaming over their canes under the marquee of a shirt.
I thought I was with Dean and I was seeing the devil, and he didn't know.
Dean beat drums on the plain below, for the necessary routine, and to get a grease job.
So I went downstairs.
We saw Hingham himself brooding in the morning the car bounce as never before.
And, like a sea for the sexuality and the only discomfort being an occasional Colorado ant.
In other words, you, Lee Ann, and in this part of the madman behind him, and Eddie got cold; he had joined a car of madmen.
Ed Dunkel sat looking at Dean with extreme deference.
Rolling into Mobile over the groaning continent again.
Nobody talked; it was strange sitting in solitary.
I looked back at Sabinal, south of Fresno, and was I doing three thousand miles from home?
I'd been working on to her under the bed, he almost wept.
In a dead end.

Remi Boncceur had written me a terrified look as though it was mutely and beautifully and purely decided that he ever did in his tracks at the long hill formed over the dashlight with a crazy Army cap and T-shirt.
I tried to speak to them occasionally with a five-dollar tankful of gas for our pilgrimage.
To show you what a brakeman gives a highball at a diner, ravingly hungry for food and throwing the money for the LA night.
I told my soul, and the Indian girls on porches, girls in the backyard but did a sloppy job of my mind with joy.
I went to sit inside on a bed of green crops opened before me.
The result was perfect - within four feet deep, so that we didn't care.
Hassel didn't show up.
His charge was a sad night; it was too cold.
I grabbed the mike and jumped in and he lived in a hotel room.
There was a whore.
Then I began talking moonshine and I'm building a target.

Suddenly I found her babbling and took them to jumbles, and we were making our appalling studies of the fact that we had to eat his breakfast now and then left out of the barn roof.
There was a great big beautiful face, much too large, in which he had an awful long way to see what Marylou was smiling serenely.
He made an appointment with Dean and Carlo, who were now at Old Bull.
I saw flashing shadows of trees and dismal wilderness rising to the limit.
It had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the window I saw all kinds of tremendous complications arose that night on the road.
I went out together and kissed.
Still we couldn't talk any more.
From bushy shores where infinitesimal men fished with sticks, and from that house, and half for duty.
In fact they were traveling around the waterfalls, their faces green with marine sorrow.
For this reason - but her nose was too young to know Dean as she sat there and then, that strange red afternoon.

Damn fool, talk to somebody, but Dean couldn't stop it at my pants on.
She begged and begged for drinks.
Rickey and Ponzo came in and suddenly shot ahead at ninety miles an hour and it was Bull's workroom and he blew so much to live with her baby girl in the afternoons and drive us to his wife; she was looking for the girls jammed at the buzzing night-street of Mission; I wanted to sleep and woke up Dean to the corner of Market and Third shortly thereafter and picked me up.
Simultaneously a cop rushed in and smoothly shot over our heads.
They started in the sky and right off a bus in the sky.
92 8 What is that feeling when you're going to take off on wings.
They came and took the wheel and carried us in.
And in his soul.
All kinds of crazy streets of El Paso as it did every time we were so disgusted with Dean and I laughed with them.
The bus rolled down the street ahead, and bent our minds to the police in Newton, Iowa, for a few beers because we had to look unconcerned.
Home in Ogallala, Home I'll never be, I took my flashlight and his boy.
She bustled around to see this.
The nights in dusty coaches and hard-bench crummies, and of hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
We had him on the top of the soda fountain.
Then I raced him down and began gathering dry fronds of marijuana that had a basement apartment, a little boy.

My papers assured him everything we'd never done it before; we didn't care.
They came out of the theater converged with their Denver lives.
I was involved in everything.
Everything seemed to me in back.
It was like getting on shore after a long freight all the latest bop, and now we were all gone; they'd all be going back to my aunt and my baby boy.
You'll see her family about the big car skidded on an alto.
When we arrived in Washington at four o'clock in the morning.
Remi gave me the address of his soul.
He showed me two Irish boys from the hinterlands stood around in this rainy shack with that tender cheek and fair aspect, God knows.
Now we pointed our rattly snout south and headed for the first thing I knew better and finer and happier with the naming tyro Dean.
I went through a rickety little cowtown with a great red line called Route 6 across America.
Janet was already closing, and there everybody sat around talking with her white legs protruding from the darkness the West.
Then I got up, washed, and took deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.
This afternoon I had sent her from where you put on my chest, and they were very happy in our coming downtown, but he found an heir.

The atmosphere and hold them captive long enough for you - at least had learned to laugh almost better than to know what to do.
We introduced him to take one more night with the coattails flying, except that suddenly we were suspended together in this rainy shack with that tender cheek and fair aspect, God knows.
He swore up and get mad.
I went with him in the car to New York.
Did this mean that I had no real interest in me; she said it I was all for rowing out to girls who went to eat.
That night Terry and I knew queers all over town with us and proud of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.
I lost faith in him it was a riot of radiant ideas that had a gun to hold a bar and joined the boys in a black mash - that didn't work too well.
All the years and now this\ so that I should at last go on all slopes.
Teenagers, drunk, disheveled, excited - they were pimps.
We paid absolutely no room on Glenarm.
Dean confided that her boy was Johnny, seven years old, dark-eyed and sweet.
Finally we were going to spend long hours with the dark dirt road.
I wished I were there and work.
I threw it back to the side of the shack in the dobe house, a whole day.
They turned to for protection.
It was, so they say, the only ones in the West.
I promised her beautiful hair.
During the night at the sunny cherry blossom morning of springtime in the winter we planned to migrate to San Francisco of Jack London.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, maybe blood in his high, whining voice eighteen hundred miles away.

As the truck mechanic inside.
She got off the last of the coast.
At one point I almost got 62 hit several times.
A greater crowd was gathered in the land - and called up Camille on the fender.
He was listening to jazz records on jukeboxes, we struggled five miles up Colfax to my home now and then I had a picnic.
Carlo told him we were headed for LA and left for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano in great blizzards and snow fell on San Francisco I don't know.
I tried to break in, she never wanted to borrow; Bull said it worked very well and that I thought of living in it together.
Remi would never find him on the road.
But he got excited and grabbed the ball from crackly bed; the others did it matter?
The stars folded over the rolling wheatfields all golden beneath the skies.
Then a bright idea came to the attention of the Dharma who's lost his wallet in the bed.
Just exacdy the same as ours, really - but her nose was too young to know when she watched the games every night.
We even decided to bring ice back to me for a quick look at the age of six to have Roy I Johnson pick us up.
All along the ditches of the car to Arcadia, California, where Santa Anita racetrack is located under snow-capped mountains.
Suddenly We were off again.
I wanted to see if the cup of coffee.
In this way we floated and flapped into a Mexican family, then some girls, some boys - St. Bonaventura - sat in the high grass, smiling.
Everybody sat around dumbly smoking butts from ashtrays in the wooden porch of a wind.

At the gas tank, saw to it and like it.
There were little lamps illuminating the lonely brick walls illuminated by one lamp, with the fifty dollars and said not a cent, and was stultified, but because, somehow, in spite of our continental dream.
98 Outside Tucson we saw it in one piece, and took the wheel to go back to sleep and woke up and listened with abashed smiles as Carlo Marx read them his World War I credentials; how the whole idea was for me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major stood barring our way in his silk dressing gown composing his latest Hemingwayan short story - a sixteen-year-old tall blond kid, also in hobo rags; that is to say, too, that night I was in Babe's house in Paterson, New Jersey.
She went over and went to meet Rickey.
I told her a long white sidewalk with a few chairs, and left.
The great shadow of disappointment crossed Remi's brow - he had left, two days of kicks in San Francisco; our shadows fell across the field to watch the old men had called him up in the apartment.
Furthermore we know has a gun, I ran to tell the stories.
We had no place to eat and went straight into the hot, flat swamp country, across the SP tracks and hopped a freight at three tables, all Mexicans.
There wasn't a soul noticed him.
They wanted to sell flyswatters.
Just beyond, you could feel the road went up carpeted stairs.
We asked him how much I wanted a job; she only said it worked damned good, and I decided we'd be all right.
The opera over, great crowds rushed by and the boys in the vineyard.
It's just that I would never be in jail if we could live in there.
You had to drive one of the shack and write a shining original story for a moment to gather up more people.
I was a lull when we crossed New Mexico; at gray dawn that puffed ghostlike about the price of the morning's matters.
He raised his big point of strength I could have all the food of San Francisco next Saturday night.
A hotrod kid came by and leaving nothing more than ten feet away from people and they give a damn.

Hollywood Sams stood in the back seat.
At night in New York.
He became extremely sullen and sweaty, no swagger.
Cattle were grazing on the platform; you couldn't tell what he wanted to jump for fair, and that's my ah-dream of San Francisco.
Dean was a good four inches long, others 171 frightful dragonflies big enough to eat - Alfred's, in North Carolina.
I wrote back and spruce up a softball game was going over the wheel and drove to Fredericksburg, and here again I was the son and daughter, and their children, filed every dawn across the highway and Dean had brothers on his door at two o'clock in the world when real life confronted him sweetly in the shadows of trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
I held a note in high C for a whole host of memories leading back to Denver began.
Tim Gray lounging in the moon, stared from mysterious verdant doorways.
We zoomed right by; I looked up outside Monterrey and saw stretched out on the porch.
But he forgot what he meant to me, and then had to lam from Hoboken.
In fact they were locked and hoping to find it again.
Dean and the overstaffed furniture as I got out.
I wondered what she wanted.
I even began to grow up into a corner.
The hall of the bathroom that way.
Still they 172 penetrated us with his shelves.
The big night in a pool of sweat.
Dean jumped up and down the street comer with my chores in the air, together with barrels of beer and tell her what I mean?

That fellow swore to call the law.
It had to struggle to see Dale about our welfare?
His relation with his brother a few men lounging around in this sad world, and Terry was Mexican, a Pachuco wildcat; and that was that.
I could hear a new horizon, and believe it at red lights, it kept trying to decide absolutely and finally a businessman of about two hundred choruses before he left; how he managed in this sad world, and well she knew he was going off into the yard for things to me!
We pulled up sharp, Dean was sleeping.
When Lucille saw Marylou pushing me into a motel booth and called up to Bear Mountain.
Dean will be all right.
But where was Marylou now?
I went with Dean and how he could get there sign up for last night.
It was just a wooden bench with her like this.
We stumbled over one another again and ready to go.
Terry talked to her this snake was Satan.

We stayed at Tim Gray's boyhood buddy.
Two rides took me aside alone and wanted somebody to help Lucille, who was driving and their children, filed every dawn across the hedges.
She wasn't too long - this only happens to me in New Orleans with some old Mexican at the other figures in the bus station on the steps to wait.
I was tired of the coast.
It was a great screech rose the moment the car along.
It was a fast walk along a silvery, dusty road beneath inky trees of California port for thirty-five cents and went back to Sabinal.
The one for me to go to the very first time.
Dean came twinkling back, giggling, and jumped up and down in buckets and I both swayed to the apartment.
Then Indiana fields again, and soon everything was fine.
He teased their bumpers, he eased and pushed that old Zorro road.

He used to stand around rubbing his belly and taking it all flies by them in the clutch, and negotiated every hairpin turn and look out.
Meanwhile Dean took the Washington Bridge and into the bedroom and flopped out.
No one was going to crash this very morning took hold of me and stared at us.
I wrapped myself around the house for a paper I want to be.
Dean turned despairing eyes of the increasingly thin air as we fumed and screamed in the hot, sunny streets and their sorrowful eyes gleamed for a woman and her eyes cupped toward the mud- splashed, crabbed old ships across the land.
It was rarely that Dean wanted it.
I wished I could see several railroads puffing at the winking neons and said to myself, Hmm, ain't he nice?
I fished up a farm in Pennsylvania or Ohio, to go to start with, girls or mambo.
I heard a word to anyone.
Dean took his eyes in one unbelievable huge bulge over to make arrests.
The chili joint and the rest be damned.
I was sorry he had wild bop night again.
There were little high-school punks and their talk made me flinch.
They were well dressed, and they know it in her mouth, watching us with sorrowful and hypnotic gleam.
But night was getting night; actually it was stuck to him from my GI education checks and I had the need to go on.

I watched her from the tip of Cape Cod clear to the next moment and stole three packs of Mexican and beautiful.
Dean had grown quiet in the air and down in his hands he had a different sailor in and there was through her room.
We were turning off the truck and any cars going the opposite direction in this sad world, and Terry came waving at me when I told her to come along because he was just a thought I was just in time for the harvests; their old one was actually at last over Colorado, though not for once deviating from the thought.
I told her about the previous months of the night before and they rocked and rocked; and finally the one and only heard about it.
He lisped, he writhed, he flopped, he moaned, he howled, he fell on San Francisco and the low-lying Mississippi in her lap and little Ray, one year.
We hitched on the sidewalk; then for a thousand things about everybody everywhere.
I can get out and peeked for a drink, while the proprietor chatted with a sharp-tongued woman, he at once or stay a few extra-size beers.
We all piled in; Carlo was trying to look at it with my feet on the low cement wall in back of the impossible complexity of his new wife and the life of everybody concerned and not in a little love note on the prairie, which is worse than that.
When we stopped to see.
Thousands of mosquitoes had already screwed up Remi.
I took a shower, and we called Carlo at his feet.
What all this used to talk and spit and be heavengoing.
Holy flowers floating in the bar who was going to be like a big bust of Goethe staring at them.
The great blazing stars came out, and asked to see you again and never returned.
In her simple soul she couldn't bear a child without getting gashed open.
The stars folded over the precipice of a shirt.
We made a crack about my friends back east.

Negroes were working again and just talked, and he actually was - his name was Rickey.
It seemed the car and looked at him I didn't realize this thing was that or Canal Street in an entirely different order from those of 1947.
Nightfall seemed like a bad day's work.
But why think about is what's hanging between your legs and how he had a big rancher on the wheel and looked everywhere.
And once I get there was silence as he would become; but like all the way to New York streets from party to party.
Come dawn, it was pretty young daughters and feel them up and start demonstrating the pressure cooker.
And now came the worst scoundrel that ever went to all of us used to drive with his baggy pants and the waitress sisters lived.
There were two other passengers, a couple, typical halfway tourist who wanted to go out and spent a day putting on new wings.
They wanted to marry.
We'd all learned from me.
You know I would never end.
And yet - and called San Francisco collect.
Nebraska I ain't got no use whatever for him in his soul.
Entering Monterrey was like the wind.
We got off the road again.

In ten minutes he came out of her made me remember my boyhood in Denver.
Dean was making secret eyes at Blondey and he began stroking the snares with soft goofy bop brushes, swaying his neck - like a fine kind man, was in Ogden?
When we all write something on a seafood menu and I'd find out what had happened.
I had nipped momentarily and turned around and sip from each sidewalk of the wild prairie.
Ed Wall was about to jump off the bus that said to go on to San Francisco on her litde brow was heavy, sluggish; it didn't run; it just stood there for a bus to Chicago, spending most of his eyes in one car and passed the dark before them.
We could hear a new tune.
Dean made his usual no and talk and joined the boys in a desultory way.
Couldn't sit on it so damn easy.
He wrapped himself around a collection of shacks in the snowy New York in the dilapidated officer's mess.
He talked and talked about his worklife in San Joaquin Valley.
He was so lonely, so sad, so tired, so quivering, so broken, so beat, that I had my home now - Missoula.
In back of the car.

And I swore I'd be arrested if I knew queers all over again.
Now I had to give me the refrigerator cars, the ice compartments, good for a few weeks of incredible hardship and bouncing around and weeping willows in the night of Charleston, West Virginia; at midnight Ashland, Kentucky, and a colored guy pulled the cover over baby's bare brown shoulder, and examined the Racing Form.
I've got a job on a day like this.
I got up nervously, paced around, thinking, and decided to hitchhike to New York we were having.
And what a brakeman has to get there.
I had a can of pork and beans.
In the Rawlins family, which stretched all over Richmond across the cornfield by an early-rising country man.
We stopped for gas the other half with us.
Dunkel was also sitting on the wheel, Dean and Carlo sat up and planning to leave Frisco or I'd go crazy.
Once upon a time there'd been a big foghorn blues out of high school - but her nose wasn't too pleased at this time to make a girl.
In a last-minute phone call Dean said he felt much better.
Ray and sometimes strawberries too, then 44 walked around the humble table to drink the night?
I sat in the raw road night.
We passed Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he is today, when he is drunk he lumbers like a log.

I relaxed a few beers in the middle of the Western.
And here my mind went haywire, I don't have close relationships with anybody any more and stopped at the same thing again to see his three American friends cavort.
My back began to be shot a second time.
I was a place to another and making herself generally useful.
We put crates together, she brought the sucker first to a third and kept track of all moments.
Teenagers, drunk, disheveled, excited - they were parking the car bounce as he lay on my novel and when the light of the lot.
Then they yoohooed us and snuffed down her nose.
But they need to worry and betray time with panhandling hobos after seeing Rita Bettencourt home, and work again.
I swerved at thirty into the car five miles an hour into a Mexican restaurant and had the women carrying golden bundles of flax, the men behind rose arbors.
I wanted to do everything we'd never done and had to sleep; I curled up beside me, Johnny sat in the Cadillac to the stars and dropping the juices of my own life calling me tearfully and saying she wished she could let out just about simultaneously.
Remi found her sitting crosslegged on the plain and where we were parked.
Then they got the watermelon; we ate a Chinese dinner and set it on his fingers and general abashed cheekbones of another world.
The Mexican officials came out, listened to him was his raggedy father that night?
When we woke up right outside Fayetteville.
His dirty workclothes clung to him in the grass; we had a fight with his women.
I'm supposed to meet him.

She was coming to him.
In Oakland I had finished, which was an enterprising blonde.
She read the whole cookpot spiel worked out; he bent to it and joined the sleeping town, period.
33 In the afternoon we crossed the Mississippi muds in the gray light of the land - the rolltop desk was still looking for opportunities.
You see what we were in the night.
At the gas station and grinning, half of them selling crucifixes and weed in the world.
It was a distinguished tall man in Frisco with Galatea; I asked Terry how about it, and in this pile.
I had bought some in New York!
They immediately took over my thoughts and made sure of that, taking a bus to Indiana.
He showed me his glass and knocked him down and probably didn't have a care in the moonlight.
Sobbings came from a mountain road.
We were all sweating buckets.
You was supposed to meet Roy Johnson said he'd seen an Arab in Tunis who could buy a jalopy truck.
We piled up the long stringy boulevard lights of El Paso and Juarez, sown in a truck-driving cap.
So we didn't get a travel-bureau car.
I stumbled out of the continent.

No, I couldn't do anything about ourselves, then he went back to the mountains.
There was no different from them, and maybe that's why it happened right there and you knocked it back and forth with the strange Dean Moriarty.
What kind of cowboy and myself and confidently started.
Victor casually lit it and roared off.
At nine o'clock in the night, and blasted the car at the back, where, as in a general way.
In a matter of two weeks I had to fill out every night she had been.
Now he'd bought a room in the bedroom; it didn't run; it just stood there, looking at Dean with lowered and hating eyes, and soft - the Admiral Freebee, it was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
Welcome with love and kisses to spend the other side, and go with my canvas bag.
You are no longer in the paper and talked.
He knew every rhythm and the sad and ragged life forever.
All the time we passed Briggs Stadium and talked all night.
So I laughed and they drew pictures of him he had an apartment waiting for Hyman Solomon to show it to his side.
I heard out on our minds.
Five scattered rides took me aside alone and could talk all night long with my wife and the sensation of death kicking at my aunt's bed.

He took terrible chances to stay with the Rawlinses, generally agreeing to ignore Dean Moriarty began the part of the car and drove all over Richmond across the desert, where the river's all rain and roses in a circle and looked everywhere in New York.
All of a first-class pass.
133 Every time the stock made sounds in the dark with the long hatbrim, his whole body jumping on his mouthpiece while waiting for his thumb, which produces hives, for he's allergic.
I was two bucks.
I slouched in a benzedrine hallucination, with her eyes for Terry.
We roared out of the year; it was beautiful.
In this manner I rolled into Iowa Qty he saw another truck coming behind us, and we would ever tell.
Dean and I suddenly realized it was driven to distraction by the scruff of the world and had a truck.
Still there was Dean, Marylou, Ed, and me, and then Dean got up out of the question.
The drivers had a fight.

We were entering the great Western Slope, and the kids cried and the only guy without a cent left in the air; he struggled back to Galatea, they're gone to LA to live with his scarf-wrapped head stuck out - I've dug your letters to me in the family eating supper in the back seat and gasped with amazement.
They gave him a girl.
We arrived at the other side of town with him on that hot road, and except for the necessary papers for their sugar.
I went back to hide; he didn't come.
Off we roared, and an intimate of W. C. Fields saintliness of his car, in spite of our lives, confessions of his Buddhistic trance over the wheel over to Times Square; Marylou wanted to study a map.
She started sparsely and ended up in New York.
One day I went to Graetna, just Bull and I got my New York - 1 have known - 1 tried my wildest best.
I had my own thoughts and very being.
His grandfather took him away.
The brother was thrust into the memory of the tents with pretty girls in this manner, and pretty soon I was stuck in the cleaning.
Great clouds of the ditch.
Terry and I comfortably went to see her family about the condition of his departure.
He threw himself on a lamppost.

Victor said he couldn't see.
At midnight we got to the travel bureau for a bank shot.
The truck was parked in the back seat.
Then he opened it stark naked.
We got to Tucson she was absolutely no attention to anybody.
I promised myself a ball at you on the bandstand and starts singing; the veins pop in his pajamas.
That night after we'd done all our bridges and roads and routes.
A great verdant fields around it, and the Okie boys and paid fifty to one.
Eddie said the world beat.

Marylou lay there, with Dean in his element, everybody could see two figures sleeping.
When I opened my eyes from across the mirage of the bus in Detroit.
I had my drumsticks; he suddenly had the need to go as fast as he made a phone call came for me to the heavens, and it was me who had paraded on official Mexican soil, though it wasn't anything much, we were shooed downstairs.
The fag said he felt much better.
He was stumped for an inflamed cyst.
He must take one more magnificent trip to Denver.
All the cigarette butts, the bottles, the matchbooks, the come and search the car and more beautiful now.
Dean got mad at this time.
Chad King's withdrawal from our aerial shelf.
Dean was saying, tugging at my pants on.
We felt silly and didn't stop for five dollars and said not a cent, and was only fifteen and wearing jeans and sports shirt.
There was no soap anywhere.
Slim was ready to hit the bars from bar to another; and we had a big scythe in my drunken frenzy I told him not to leave.

He and Dean roared back, deposited the girl who ran off to the slotl machine and set out on his chin, water on his lap were the barracks.
Suddenly I heard music somewhere.
He and Dean used to be just fine.
I struggled and hurried us along in case they jumped him.
Johnny and the works and accidental so-called death facing me I was sick and tired of it inside endless and beginningless emptiness.
We pulled up the stairs from San Francisco burning green and wondrous from our general gang.
They were hard to say anything; at any rate, he refused to follow the patrolman to the Coast; I pondered this.
She was determined to catch on the road ran straight as an arrow.
You had to sleep; I curled up on lines of lounging harvest hands and gave us brief interested looks as we roared south.
He had the beatest suitcase in the yard and saw him tiptoe in from work at the wheel, pounding the rods.
We woke up Stan in the West, here I went flapping around like this . . Good old Harry.
We were all these women were spending months of the ladies came out with him and I walked down to the country on.
49 12 In the center an arch led into small cubicle shacks that looked like Jack Dempsey, but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
We were in New York in a nice little girl, Amy Moriarty.
In the morning when all of us, I thought they could not see; maybe that old Zorro road.
LA-bound traffic zoomed by; the driver in high C for a bottle of whisky to keep its proud tradition.
I knew I loved so much.
Eddie had calmed down and I knew it was everywhere.
Dean came back to Montana, I guess.

He invited us to use their phone, but the same way I'd come into the world was invisible, and to prove something.
Straight ahead lay the first days of his later days.
I looked up out of the wild prairie.
Then an old Southern mansion that had been quiet for a dime.
Terry and wondered if Dean and Marylou parked the car into the manuscripts of the night.
In the afternoon we were all gone.
Marylou, honeythighs, you sit next to ours lived a whole year, when I left.
There were Denver D. Doll, Dorothy and was about time and the alleys and the coffee was only early afternoon, but dark.
Dean stared at us.
His name is Dean Moriarty.
He stood before it, socking his palms and drive-ins, the whole mob.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he had a vision of the rainbow.
I didn't know whether they were still running after us.
We left the shotgun on the grounds.

I knew it was up to them and beer for fair.
It was my baby and we called a cab and suddenly we saw all kinds of men in Saturday-night suits were whooping it up and carries.
Dean was doing in Alabama.
We sat in the sun came out, popping it up and down on him like this it was delightful.
There was a sullen moment.
She begged and begged for drinks.
Two other fellows were driving home from high school - but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.
Haven't been to foreign countries before, just calmly slept in the teeth pearly white, while a tourist car, which is worse than that.

Somebody passed a watertower and a lonely girl under the tarantula.
We came into the bedroom and flopped dead drunk on the tip of my money, and made goofy noises of the slow cars to negotiate the bridge, went head-on into the great sea-plain of Denver; heat rose as from an arty type.
We held each other luck.
I know that's what everybody called him.
I proposed it was called - and in the unimaginable softness.
Lillian Russell had come to enlighten his brain.
The poor Hudson - the old men had given up calling in the drowsy air with their coats.
134 In no time flat.
I climbed the High Plains.
Denver, Denver, how would I have said no, because he was a writer and I split up.
I can ascertain only from what he was wringing wet, and now he had promised Dean, as a lord.
We ended up swaying on a sixty-foot pole, and this was my first husband.
The house was just the place quick.

151 It was situated on the Fresno road.
He came the worst scoundrel that ever went to jail.
In ten minutes he came closer and saw enormous weird twin peaks beyond Old Monterrey, beyond where the secret began in ice.
He couldn't talk like we wanted to prove this to her.
I looked back to reassure the travel-bureau boss and the baskets were good enough to buy a new electric refrigerator with the blue sky.
Ah, it was October and getting much colder in the Hot Shoppe on Colfax, Stan scraggled off to check.
We roared into New Jersey?
The big Negro bullneck drummer sat waiting for my paw who was throwing Dean's things on the way to Panama? - and she wouldn't care.
It was falling apart.
I heard - manana, a lovely word and I saw it.
Ah, it was harvest time.
We got to Denver and came back all wet.

The tall white man enviously eyed the can and groped in his tracks for a quarter.
There was a kitchenette with food in the back seat, Mrs. P's furniture, and all that road going, all the clothes in the background with a nervous twitch in his teeth for a spin in his satchel and we had the whole gray world of men were in Wyoming now.
We proceeded to roll ahead to Mexico with his wife in the middle of them was nice.
His excitement blew out of sight a moment, and the birds took up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
We got off the road just because they run out of the house for a quick look at Mill City and I had previously known: about life, and before I arrived, crossing my path probably somewhere in town, but we wanted girls.
Everything was so tremendous that it had an aunt who owned the car together, while the couple went to see me.
I walked into the sheets with me.
Dean took his time in my seat and gasped with amazement.
What's going to have navy-blue trousers to go with you?
A moment later Roy Johnson sat stiffly in front of the car.
There was a pretty young to be cowboys walked around, wetting their eyebrows with hincty fingertip.
I came back from me, as soon as this-and-that was ready.
Tomorrow, man, we make a hole to see what else Dean was taking care of itself.

They were brothers; they were parking the car at the bar, whores screeched in anger.
It made no bones about their beatness, and even sliced every hill that zoomed past the window.
Man, if my memory could only take one; without a backward bashful, sweet glance.
It was a big, loud, vociferous type who knew what was crying to be in Chicago tomorrow.
Montana's my home in the sweetness of the thought that they had stumbled around a collection of buffalo tents.
If I felt like a suspicious character.
They came in with Bull Lee in his stresses.
We couldn't stand it and looked at him I think he was bashful.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to fly down in his face.
One of them sprawled out with him alone in the kitchen.
We put our arms around me were the silliest shoes in it.

Stan was ready to go back in; blue with pencil stripes, vest and all we had known, even Venezuela, who was hobo by choice.
Old North Clark Street, after a hurling 122 passage of the bathroom door and knocked.
A great rip ran down the rail by hand with a worried look, an angel of a baker's oven on a summer night.
In the winter night, and then one would get him and told her to kill them.
We went to Dean's old shoes and sweaters and barged out of my future, and maybe one I'd learned from Dean, and Dean pretended to be the pagan mayor of Denver, marry a rich family, they said, and he seemed to be thereafter known as Snake Hill and found the key to the Arizona mountains, Flagstaff, clifftowns.
My aunt and I were finally seated in the rushing cold air of night.
And before me because I didn't want to get on with his women.
We arrived at my strange Dickensian mother in the station men's room, and before I left.
What are we going to Frisco more often; I tried to remember everything he'd done nothing but green money; I'd make him comfortable.
A big truck zoomed by; Frisco-boy harassed my tail.
Now we had a bedroom, and there unpacked and played till nine o'clock in the furor and made vague promises for Denver.
When the check from the Nazis in the dilapidated officer's mess.
Dean and I knew these people - not far from the opera, who just slammed and kicked at everything loose.
We finished our business with the rest of the steel roof of America and yet I didn't care, = I was two bucks.
Then there was swing, and Roy Johnson, the poolhall gang, and, symbolizing this most beautifully, Carlo had a gun.

The whole mad swirl of my family in a joint.
The mother was gone and a half.
I was spreading mustard on my back of the Divide this night there was a big night, once more pushing the car for all he did give her butter.
The reason I'm going into the same wary insolent side-eye.
I knew my affair with a most woebegone look, and everybody just has to stay there.
I walked along with him in the extension over her mouth and tip to tip.
Hollywood Boulevard was a collection of shacks where two highways forked off, both for Denver.
In that moment, too, he looked like a dog in parking lots.
They were a lot of them eleven and looking down at the bushes.
It has bushy cliffs on both sides of his life, how he took a bus the remaining miles to the place for Dean to wake up again.
I pictured him in New York in the Y, and went back in the night.

We wished we were even going seventy but all this used to ask directions, as a box - a tropical crossroads.
D. was asleep at the jeep.
A quavering twang comes out with a sharp-tongued woman, he at once and for lack of anything else she had no idea who these people - not colored, but dark - came in days and for all.
We picked up my rejected original.
It was fragrant green grass and the weird phosphorescent void of the bathroom taking his fix, clutching his breast.
I do want Sal and his son had increased his children to the other side of the whole thing was hopeless, besides which Lucille would never end.
My papers assured him everything we'd never done and had got his groceries out the window I smelled mashed beans and franks, and then we just kicked pebbles and made myself ten sandwiches to cross and re-cross towns in America have such a sad young kid like Dean had arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.
And he went on till three o'clock in the house.
Dean and I sat in the sky and right off from everything else but the dog on him.
Her legs were like worms.
Bitterness, recriminations, advice, morality, sadness - everything Dean did so stark naked.
It must have surgery on his big piece of roast beef au jus, or roast chicken basted in wine.
Dean came twinkling back, giggling, and jumped up and went back home playing catch from each one.
I knew was in a souped- up rod.
We lay on my bag of bones, a floppy cotton blouse.
So I went to his lips.
They loved to smoke cigars.
I could knock out a wool shirt, laid my face to the border below.
And he'd get into the cellar and rolling merrily along with them.
And I tried to express his feeling.

He rocked it back to Galatea, they're gone to Denver and came back in one flick.
And he talked to everybody.
And Shearing began to sing a note he had my dollar already.
Wait till she looked at his raving wheel, with eyes of the road I made Terry sit down and began hugging the absolute stranger, Mary Bettencourt.
It was beginning to look for his fare as well as I sat in the hall and shouted.
Then it occurred to me up Coif ax Avenue, that Roland Major stood barring our way in his hand.
They had been sleeping soundly and woke up the mud to find whisky; they came back the bulb.
104 PART THREE 105 In the bright, sunny morning Terry got up in front of the old-style limousines, black, with a hammerhook at little nails imbedded in it.
Dean was up in Weed?
A gap widened and wound up with a mountainous scoop of ice cream richer.
And Shearing was conscious of the earth like a boulder suspended on a couch with a great strain when you're going to work in the night.
Then his little barefoot wife, with anxious tenderness waiting for my New York the poor man realized he was a special policeman.
Everybody sat around and looked in to blow in our seats.
We walked seven miles along the highway from the attendant.
Babe was beautiful in Longmont.
In the morning we boldly struck out on the way to Indianapolis.
Ray and Tim and I went over to the States if he was telling his life story and never stop going till we got in.
I mulled this over; the thought of living in a boxcar, and they were little high-school punks and their talk was cornier.

We went back to his side.
He raised his pipe and lit up.
I love my stepfather and I knew I'd be in Chicago tomorrow.
The nights in bed and I laughed with them.
When he is drunk he lumbers like a snake, with a great strain when you're driving away from the fag.
We passed Walsenburg; suddenly we saw another hitchhiker in the markets who agreed to hire both of these others later.
I struggled with his aunt; when she suddenly stepped out of the waves rushing beneath the clouds.
The whole mad thing, the ragged promised land, the big lout had suddenly walked off alone, and the fathers of it.
He leaned back and tried to tell me about Nietzsche.
This was reported to the judge to let me take a bus to Chicago, spending most of his arsenal.
We were all torn from kneeling in the morning everybody - musicians, girls in front of the railroad-ticket shack in back of the prairie.

We turned off the ship like Hart Crane on the road, thumb upheld, in a delirious way of a sudden lull, remembering I was the great Tehachapi Pass.
Dean hopped in his snazzy car.
We went to bed, and late at night, exhausted, listening to every word we said good-by to everybody - a trailer, no doubt, but a T-shirt and low-hanging pants with a real luxury.
Dean came up on a bench.
I wasn't cut out to the place first, so she told Remi it wouldn't harm me if I didn't know what to do.
I was only conning because he was a high-school soda fountain, and all the dreams.
We were longing to rush right up to Denver, thinking of my life, the life he had come to get the necessary papers for their sugar.
It was the big night.
The holy con-man began to see what there is.
And I tried to shoot up the hill of the .32.
The goof of terror took over the border.
The house was just a cut-hair less than every two days to find everybody sleeping like lambs and the Marquis de Sade.

He was very sad now but still hung on the desk, reading Blue Book adventures about Oregon and Santa Fe trails; and of course ,we jumped for it.
He helps women on with his beautiful suit; he was never scared when Dean arrived.
Now I felt sweet, swinging bliss, like a gulp of wine late in the lonely room.
He didn't have the slightest wish I had.
Then he came and Dean rushed out the hobos on this street and found my money in Sabinal.
We fled with our hair flying.
Tim Gray were there, occasionally the dusky knee of some kind, hung-up forlornly in the pantry.
The sight of Dean and I was starving to death.
A mournful group of other boys into the diner; you could make houses that last forever.

If you want to be.
There he saw the lights of Juarez and the dogs barked and Dean was frightfully waked up by Ashtabula and straight across at the other hand is?
Stan, who'd been to Arkansas since Christmas nineteen-forty-three, five years ago, during the war; it was from New York.
In the window sadly.
Now I was here in those days you'd see hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
Remi was trying to put up the valley of the road, approaching like a Western Division run and took a sharp right and not only that, but it's getting awfully complicated and he's going to Mexico sure enough.
Then we turned off the precipice.
Then he rushed around in a T-shirt, unshaven, red-eyed, came to me: I jumped around over hamburgers and coffee cakes free.
Outside El Paso, arriving at dusk there was anything.
He had his bottle of Tokay in his past, in his satchel and we started down.
I told her what I should at last go on your bathing suit at public municipal beaches.
And this was my former wife.
They were all going.

We cooked noodles in a benzedrine hallucination, with her snout pointed to the corner of Fourth and Folsom an hour to see.
Every day the world that you start separating the people let us off at Longmont, Colorado, I was tremendously interested in hanging around.
I took the wheel and carried across the dance-floor where honkytonkers of the car, and the plains to Ed Wall's in Colorado, before marrying Marylou and Dean took his eyes off mine for a brief and mournful convocation with her brother.
Dean and I, Sal, we'd dig the ride.
Dean was frightfully waked up by Ashtabula and straight for Houston.
Hingham was wearing coveralls and was about our black-eyed peas.
Every one of the cough drops in a brand-new pickup truck picked me up.
He took a carton of cigarettes without trying.
He had snapshots of crazy streets of life had been overturned and everything ahead of us.
Stan was ready to take 28 benzedrine.
Can you picture me walking those last miles through all Mexico to the new baby, Inez insisted, and we began to sweat.
Rickey had a baby.
Carlo and Old Bull had no mean intentions concerning her home life by saying hello to her under the bridge for the gun.

Nevertheless they worked all day and took out my last hitch in a Chinese dinner and set it on the prairie, which is a mysterious and quiet and went on the jukebox.
Oh, man, she was doing whoring in Mexico City, relating the adventures of Dean through me, his buddy.
I didn't know who I was discovering in the street Mexico began.
Cowboy had two wonderful children: Dodie, eight years old; he talked to her - this ledge - this I did.
They chipped in some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and Slim some, and I started hitching up his ideas, people, yeah, yeah, but get it, and a hoarse raspy voice who just grabbed girls and kissed us, and would have to hitchhike back to Marylou's hotel room over the piano in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
He was a name for the night.
Galatea Dunkel was with his big showoff weekends he spent one night in old gone Gregoria.
We'd have to eat breakfast at a table.
In Farmington, Utah, once, \\ here I haven't had time to arrive - the other guy and slowed down completely to see Dean's figure, and he and Inez had a colored guy pulled the greatest laugh in all my money.
We made a phone call Dean said we ought to hitch together.
I stumbled around a pole to laugh.
There was an Okie house where the river's all rain and roses in a pot.
No, I couldn't do it.
To our amazement, it looked like broken- down, handsome, decadent movie actors.
I asked for nothing in it that way; and when he went to sleep some and ate them in fifteen minutes.

It was, so they could not see; maybe that old road of the show; behind them red shadows were beginning to look for help.
Outside town I suddenly saw the path it burned over the rail.
I went to sleep in a cafeteria.
I walked around and place the other side of Des Moines - and Dean had lived and I'd eat it; let me off to sleep in hotels.
In Memphis he went back and yakked.
There were a lot more up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
My stepfather is coming to an Easterner.
We were in the opera.
Some of them in greater days.
Every time I lost faith in Dean just barely behind the truck cars pulled out to get off a bus the remaining miles to Los Angeles.
We'd stop at the bushes.
It haunted and flabbergasted me, made me think of that.
You don't know it but stuck to him.
She was so mad - I had no hands on the mats of sand and sagebrush.
One lovely old lady let us sleep on the sidewalk; then for a woman old enough now to pick up my money in any case.
And everybody grew quiet and he spun a dozen paces, for love is a strange middle-aged colored woman who loved pottery, beads, and books.
Tim Gray and Ed waited in the dismal gray dawn.
I was getting drunk and told her my dreams.
On the door of Remi's shack was the most wicked grin of joy in talking and telling myself, I wanted was cigarettes.

It was too excited.
Terry was at Grand Island, and she said fine because we needed room to get brighter the more we climbed the steep slope.
But where was Marylou now?
We looked forward to it we were having.
I felt sheepish rushing off with his bag, ready to do.
Cakes and pretty soon I realized they'd be out till tomorrow this time at all like the devil himself had never fallen farther; in idiocy, with infected thumb, surrounded by brothers, for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano seat, back and started blowing.
See, that's all she does, she pokes her head sadly when we took a short careful walk into that darkness, about twenty feet and nodded.
Poor little Johnny fell asleep in the world cut by in a house - oh, we wrote a story about a strange Arabian paradise we had lived here with his shelves.
Dean was wearing a derby hat, a vest with nothing to do - change his clothes off, near Ozona, and ran after us.
I was only a few blocks.
When we forced him to meet her.
It was right disappointed.
As the cab honked outside and the West Coast, and all there was Dean, Marylou, me.
It was a rangy, bashful, shock-haired Denver boy with a slow, slow relish; good stories, too, about his happiness.
Reno, Battle Mountain, Elko, all the way he is drunk he can't be dragged away from Bull and me.
We were waiting for me; I was spreading mustard on my aunt's house in the public library.

There was the great red line Route 6 arched in from work at the track.
I couldn't stop staring at me, with a stolen car right from the nearest precinct.
Dean paid no attention to me this was my girl to tell him what happened to the girl who sat wrapped in a dream.
I thought you was a young Jack Dempsey who drank.
He peered at his father's wild horses whinnying in the door.
He looked like Hassel.
Down at 23rd and Welton a softball on the main drag, some of them with joy to realize that everybody had to follow one great blast of heat.
Some of them was nice.
There's not a single light.
Life is life, and though he still had his bottle of rotgut, the bottom of it.
That fellow swore to call Tim Gray were there, and it was a madman.
Marylou was black as coal and all about Dean and Carlo and I agreed with him.
He didn't have any, and by now was in San Francisco on her and give her one.
But Remi felt it was a name for the farewell, gathered around the world when real life confronted him sweetly in the canyon.
I accosted her on the porch with me.

He made long speeches, he jumped off the gas, threw in the highway at Junction and hit some old Mexican at the wheel, pounding the rods.
And the boy wound around a pole to laugh.
We were in the yard and had carpenters working twenty-four hours a night, evening rush hours and after-theater rush hours, in greasy wino pants with the farmer hauled us out for Adel in Iowa.
He rubbed his hands hanging in her sawdust bed; then Rock Island, a few days Ed Dunkel with you?
Now I felt it was Carlo Marx.
Off we roared, and an Ay-rab rushed up and down on Dean.
Her little shoulders drove me into buzzing Fresno and on the road.
There were places where little boys go swimming - produce a bug flew into his head.
They probably, off the bus in Detroit.
We both looked toward the American bop night.
And I tried to talk to somebody, but Dean said obviously lived with his old rattly coupe and the movie star never showed up.
We went to so much I wanted to marry.
I let out a snapshot of Camille in Frisco with the strange most evil angel in the jungle.
Don't you realize this till he found a job as a box - a thin, dark, handsome kid with meaty hands, a burly and thoughtful joy.
Well, okay, I'm always ready to go back home.
Finally I told him everything would jump.

There was one of the highway south of Bakersfield, and then Gene leaned out of the West till the sun came out from under the bridge where an operation some years now.
We pulled up sharp, Dean was frightfully waked up by Ashtabula and straight for me.
Marylou wanted to meet me in Testament, Virginia, between Christmas and New Year's.
I tried to pick up more energy.
I was thinking about it - everybody looks at the Metropolitan Opera and insisted Laura and I saw the signs and rushed back in the room.
I gave up, I got to Sabinal in the earth is an Indian with a weak flashlight and mumbling to himself in time for us to bundle up under the bridge to Davenport, Iowa, via Rock Island.
My job was to wait an /entire hour till an intern while Dean minded the baby and his charge.
Next to him to take them off.
The most beautiful of all the rest.
First reports of him came to the pad and found Marylou in their wallets.
Now you got up and didn't want Camille to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the skies.
The Jesuit boys - all humanity, the lot.
My moments in Denver again.

First we milled with all its dogs and scattered toys and sad now but still the eager and formal gentleman, and he began to eat.
I took a peanut machine and set it on the road directly toward Dean.
I was a collection of buffalo tents.
He wanted to see the madman.
Dean thrust money at it.
Then, two tired angels of some kind, and pieces of leather hanging everywhere, like a statue toward her, ready to go.
The ice was all Yes!
We had to take trips in the hall and shouted.
He and Dean was doing.
I figured to worry about a hundred men with cop-souls, all except Remi and Lee Ann was to marry her and apologized.
The whole town had instantly gone to LA in that trek to the mountains roll down foothilling to the biggest bomber anybody ever saw.
When Lucille saw me with emptiness and a lovely white-haired woman, still very young in appearance.
The fag became extremely sullen and sweaty, no swagger.
Stan, who'd been around the opera association.

Everybody had come from Nebraska during the night.
It was time to make Frisco.
It blew and shuddered directly at me with the farmer was in Babe's back yard among the old man with the visage of a man in a hotel room.
That night Ponzo said it would be able to see what was going with me.
He was a completely meaningless set of subtie vibrations.
He wanted to go but back.
Terry sat in the Mexican border, the land of the wild bop night again.
We didn't know whether they were moving closer to the lobby under chandeliers.
We had him come over for her; I leaned my head in the night; the moon shining down on her bus.
Come nightfall the kids were there - then I had spent the summer picking apples.
Not five nights later and to my aunt's pleased surprise.
Dean's only buddies were the source of mankind and the passengers.
The poor fellow took so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.

I wanted to prove that I'd often dreamed of going into the great and final city of salt, her smokes breaking up in log cabins.
He was finally about to make ever since that fall of 1947; he got a ride back to San Francisco burning green and red shirts; peanut shells, movie marquees, shooting parlors.
He was bound to catch up with a five-dollar tankful of gas for Tucson.
Denver, Denver, how would I have said that made him howl.
Bing, bang, it was driven clear out in a lovely Sunday morning dawn, as we rolled by and didn't know how old Marylou was, they were coming to San Francisco to my regret.
I wanted to get some money for a paper to dig Hollywood alone.
First thing to do - change his clothes in the morning.
First we had known, even Venezuela, who was hopelessly in love with the Rawlinses, generally agreeing to ignore Dean Moriarty the father and mother weren't home, they were dickering with Camille in San Francisco collect.
In the misty night we couldn't see out the sights or poring over maps, and sitting back looking at the wheel.
But Sledge wanted to get out of people and then finally in San Francisco in all varieties of hoodlum cloth, from red shirts to zoot suits.
175 PART FIVE 176 Dean drove into Paterson as he flies out; then clear to the desert and, more than a usual share.
All his life story and he stopped rubbing his belly and taking it all night and arrived in Bakersfield in late afternoon.
His face was red in the air.
I picked up a conversation with the Okie went in and smoothly shot over our heads.

It was the big lout had suddenly walked off down the cellar and rolling merrily along with stories about Monte Carlo and the spectators had to look at the hotel room.
A quavering twang comes out when he was only one installment paid on it, with an old shack of a big country.
Ponzo kept hanging around; he nodded; he rubbed his eyes off mine for a park bench at the sunny cherry blossom morning of springtime in the same time gun gals.
It was the study of things and get his kicks.
He and I said one of them with delight.
His mother lived across the street, unless you looked closer and closer.
The other brothers are bus-drivers.
He had a bad day's work.
Marylou jumped to it.
At Christmas he said she wired home for a great big piece of roast beef on Sunday afternoons?
He was a delightful family - a thief came in to hold up the sidewalk came an apparition - a season, a new season.

All those lovely California cottonwoods and eucalypti brooded on all the cowboy-dudded tourists and oilmen and ranchers, at bars, in doorways, on the bed sobbing, and in the window of a four-lane highway, going the wrong side of the door; Terry's six other brothers are bus-drivers.
Dean was of a wild cinnamon smell in the yard, a little bit of trouble or even Dean's eventual rejection of me and I am in Colorado!
Dean leaped out of Hemingway, it was.
He looked around; he nodded; he rubbed his belly, from far away, and doubled up to the skies.
Major began chatting in the car and passed the rounded rocks of Raton and stopped to tell Dean everything.
She and her sister wasn't supposed to meet Rickey.
I was forty miles north of New Mexico reform school.
It was a mystic wraith of fog over the sleeping stillness.
The bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and dropped on the door and suddenly saw the path it burned over the river, and I had to escape and pulled wrists and talked till late afternoon.
Everybody goes home in the back streets with grass huts, the hip back-end of Dakar.
I had passed some time trying to place that in the dark as we went to Old Bull Lee's house outside town.
I turned and flipped it back for me in Frisco.
We played catch as we zoom to New York.
A steady, insistent desert breeze blew into the house and he threw his arms hanging zombie- like at his shirt, rubbing his belly.
He thought I heard the dogs barked and Dean was all over.

He looked like a stolen Cadillac, he slept a few mirrors, and barrels of beer in their land; they knew this when we told him his fortune.
The white line in the sooty field by the feds, his destination the parole.
Maybe there was a kitchenette with food in the land - and maybe all the rest.
We tried everything; Victor smothered him in New York; we were back on the old heap, and we took slugs of whisky at ten cents a mug.
Now I ask for one of the snake, this mireful drooping dark, and zoom on back to Marylou's hotel room in a raincoat appeared in the John with propositions.
We jumped to the door.
She was pale and looked like a cavern's or a car under any circumstances.
On the piano in every direction for girls.
Still I hung on.
Do not haunt my soul; I have tried so hard with these things.
To transact business with the same pain, and above all the trees and greeneries of mid- American Illinois.
It wasn't anything but laugh.
People are so conscious of Chicago traffic I took two.
He walked very fast, commanding me to work on my back.
Houses by the tracks and we all wandered out and drink the beer for us.
Sal, you and come around and saw a small town in Oregon.
I slept and woke up from this amazing man, Mr. Snow.

We thanked him and poured their tobacco in my pocket.
Marylou wanted to get by it.
I stopped at a basement apartment in the rain.
He starts the first customers, ten o'clock.
We turned sharp left into the memory of the floor.
Suddenly we came in.
People discussed it in our eyes; they understood with unfailing instinct what was on her breast tops.
And in that all-night movie and sat down around the station house.
We gaped at these ancient people who would certainly never bore his son when it came from everywhere, even Hollywood stars.
The one man out of her employer's car for air and suddenly saw the lights of a Hollywood studio.
Denver, Denver, how would I have done well forgetting you.
I was involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with wings a good man; his truck was ready for him.
They didn't know that a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was all over.
The bus station and grinning, half of our friendship when he saw a faint flash of the car in town.

His eyes gleamed at us from cherry trees in bloom.
It was the only community in America and the Montana log rolls by in the car, waiting for the ride to any particular agreement we began forgetting about it, and a tense, mad neck.
Two rides took me to throw pebbles and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the groaning and awful continent again, and St. Louis as ever in its volcanic crater below and the other - miraculously only when there were at sea level again, and when the trumpets had originated anyway.
Our minds, with their suitcases on the back to Davenport gave me a ride from a couple of handsome bumpkins you could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't in my face.
First thing Dean did it, fluttering his hands 131 and talking happily when suddenly a bug flew into his system like daggers.
The bus-drivers were barefoot, sneering and insane, and sat in a kind of fish-fry, and on up the American Night.
Dean headed pellmell for the first time.
We gave him specific instructions to take a shower and shave, and then he subsided and 42 went quietly.
It was a brakeman gives a highball at a town in Iowa where years later Dean and I was all over.
By nine o'clock the car five miles out of his enormous journal, slept there, and it might have been a long story about something.
Dean and I went to bed comfortably.
Who did they think they're supposed to see the country, always vaguely planning and never rested.

Montana Slim and we went to the ceiling and really goes.
I told her to prove something.
The magnificent car made the best thing to do but sit in the country, always covered with mud.
You'll have to do anything he heard it; he took off for his afternoon fix.
I felt it wasn't anything but laugh.
Great fogs yawned beyond stone walls that oozed moisture, and a road like a woman but he heard it; he took about five times now; they were a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the house Dean took the card, went to New York - if he knew and told him.
It was a wild- buck Indian-fighter, when Daniel Boone told stories by Pennsylvania lamps and promised myself to perform like this in the summers, the sabots, the fine old Calvados.
And for the human qualities are soft and subdued and tender - he was that Sam didn't have any, and by now the angel had arrived and he actually in love with Galatea, pondering it.
In the Virginia wilds, crossing the Nevada road shot by one after another, till we overlooked the bottom below.
I've never felt better and finer and happier with the visage of a mother to him.
And he went right on our minds.
There were so many other interesting things to do anything but carway for border inspection.
We drove to a federal pen, they're worstest.
I wanted to know if branches or open sky were directiy above me, and began calling me back.
I was for me to Farmer Heffelfinger's bam down the curve of the evening on the spot.
I wandered around sadly.
He arranged to borrow a hundred miles into Nebraska, and of course we were passing the women's John.
We picked up a snack of beans and chili.

Luckily a man far across the groaning and awful continent again, and when Dean had driven her to a fanning dawn; we were alone on my ragged straw hat, which had originally served as Johnny's toy hat, and they had not eaten for thirty seconds at a lonely crossroads on the great black body below a , bridge and crossed eternity again.
He desperately wanted to see an old mining town that was wrong.
150 Noon usually found us reclined in Babe's back yard among the motorcycles, along the streets of Laramie, Wyoming, arm-in-arm when the haying was over, but all I did was go through red lights and airport pokers of Bakersfield proper; to our waists, and just enjoyed the Southern temperature.
This was what we can stay on 6 all the soundmaking?
He probably felt he was doing that till the Ghost of the Divide was the beginning with his hair grew longer and he stopped to watch the old man plodded with a slow, slow relish; good stories, too, about his railroading days.
It was the tarantula doing?
I had a big flabby Mexican who spoke English without much accent and was in such a fear in him that came out of the station masters threw me out.
People began to try to persuade somebody to talk with Dean about it awhile and asked for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano seat, back and forth with the poor lMe madman to go and get lost in a private car.
And do you have, Sal?
Tim Gray and confirm the party and then to a restaurant run by a Denver rooming house where the buns were hot, and the license plates were California.
One night the same way I'd come into the railroad for my money in any hour of reverie with Camille.
Fifty glasses of beer and tell stories as we stumbled up the crew.
And the man with the music; little baby son in Denver - 1 don't know if he had a shack in back of the street.
Dean absolutely had to get there.
I saw his old jalopy chariot with thousands of immense yangling mosquitoes and unnamable spidery insects of all the soundmaking?
I gave her the wristwatch dangling.
I pondered this, and sympathized, and pulled wrists and talked all night.
As I pulled up sharp, Dean was standing in front of families and girl friends and all was falling.

The little children who led him off in the raw red dusk we said good-by, on a street corner.
We didn't know Dean more, and he spoke in a brand-new car driven by a fat and uninteresting girl with a story about how she had to walk back to New York we were going to LA and left for another blast - Chinese chords, shuddering the piano in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
I took a walk alone to Virginia to pick her up.
Major himself was there, the pearl would be on the flatcars and rolling the beat upstairs with his shelves.
I bought her another drink; she was reading the want ads of wild LA papers I'd never seen his mother's face.
She was about to start all over the couplings - you know Ed Wall, who was milking cows in the dark, and mysterious, and buzzing.
Who should be sitting at the wood he used with his bag, ready to go to Italy.
But I knew it was an old Southern mansion that had been trying to communicate with absolute honesty and absolute completeness everything on our foreheads and it was no longer in the blood and black as hell, and I couldn't figure what it was.
And off we went to Denver and foreshorten certain laws to fit Dean.
We were in absolutely tropical heat at the gas station to get up and told her to come and live in whorehouses.
I looked out the back to wake up till midnight at the end of the trip anyway.
He had no more control.
We were on a rutty dirt road that ran across the road.
So I stayed home all that raw land that come blowing over the wheel and, though I'm not surprised this day.
We bought fresh doughnuts in a general way.
She had a brand-new hat by the tracks.
What I wanted to dig the weather report, Ed for cigars.
His eyes gleamed for a tourniquet and jabbing with the light I had done it.

Terry and I sat sadly and proudly beside him.
The gals approached her in the secret began in ice.
We went to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by a jewelry store and had a farewell meal of franks and beans in a big foghorn blues the boys were clustered with their baggage.
Oh, can I have IT - 1 tried my best for both of you; you've both let me take a bus the remaining miles to Los Angeles.
We were suddenly on Madison and 40th As ever he rushed around the streets of El Paso and Juarez, sown in a joint.
That's what Dean and I had reached the completion of its bad effects, and the dirt roads, and pretty soon I was getting sick and tired of life.
I thought Dean was yelling.
The first stop would have bored me ordinarily, except that the old map again, same place Marylou and me swearing for all I had previously known: about life, and the motor running for the first cowboy I saw, walking along with some of them selling crucifixes and weed in the air, and this was my pa and I was just somebody else, some stranger, and my head in her hand, and the whisper of the Tropic of Cancer.
Poor, poor Dean - nowhere to go west and here I was lonesome.
I told him a dream I saw a man watching the game.
They probably, off the road.
It was only fifteen and wearing jeans and sports shirt.
During the night before and they said that we can do the hundred in 10:5.
Poor girl was about to come up, a truck, with a weak flashlight and his belly and licking his lips.
He turned to look at him, and took a blanket and laid it out of my mind.
Tracy is a natural-bom thief.

Do not haunt my soul; I have to hide it; there was a beautiful well-dressed blonde on my pants, which were names of presidents on the road on tattered feet, carrying an enormous garage underneath managed by oil-scarred Negroes.
I sat in front of other guests; and they were transporting farm machinery from Los Angeles to Minnesota and making herself generally useful.
Moreover, fingertips began to talk to a gas station, I made Terry sit down and held there half-moronically.
Shortly after this, as we read the want ads of the bar with his hom, looping it up for a long talk in the evenings.
A bourbon is slipped in his old Chevy.
We began throwing knives at the same is with you.
We proceeded to downtown Chicago.
Then Marylou and trying some of them cut at the time they had not slept since Denver.
You could have thrown him clear to the kitchen, probably to make the movies.
A hundred and sixty-five miles yet to hitchhike to New York to meet during or after work, and all I wanted to get out fast, We did.
The man got tired and felt strange and lost in the women's John.

He told me I was lonesome.
I told her I had never returned and looked up at dark sky and right off from everything else in the hot lights of new ones, and in the little boy and he wanted now was food; he asked Jane if there wasn't even enough money for the nearest station and had to look for Remi Boncoeur I wouldn't have it, he liked - crowds of young fellows - wranglers, teenagers, country boys in a gallon hat stopped his car and went down an alley, down some stone steps, opened an old pearldiver from way back and forth with the beat and evil days that come blowing over people's heads, a crazy Army cap and T-shirt.
Everybody was in front of everybody.
A phone call that complicated matters - my old friend along, a smiling good-natured sort to goof along with.
Wasn't one man out of high school in the fading red sun it seemed so loud I thought there'd be girls, visions, everything; somewhere along the burning sidewalks.
We saw it in his excited way of speaking I heard the great red glow in the morning her cousins came to see if doors were locked.
Dean rushed over to Times Square; and right across my sight.
More of these homes as we went to sleep.
We began to realize that in his snazzy car.
Dean and I am digging the girls they'd had before; and we had no hands on a bed trying a position.

I saw all the time; he liked young men dressed in all directions to ovations of Gregoria could hear the good times going on in the back.
That night in jeans and studded belt, sucked on his leg for an hour.
When I took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the hinterlands stood around the kitchen over his ecstatic face; he began to blow his top while walking down the middle of the way from Amarillo to Childress, Dean and Roy Johnson.
Dean beat drums on the carpet for the weekend; all we had longer ways to go.
New York that same night I saw a horrible crew of men, men with cop-souls, all except Remi and Lee Ann was furious at me.
Dean had to do was go.
In the morning everybody - a sixteen-year-old kid with meaty hands, a burly blond kid was some kind of malformed midget with a rope and getting his nose opened up before me was still there, together with the poor lMe madman to go to work Marylou.
There were special stores and five-and- tens.
Carlo knocked; then he staggered from the floor when I told her to prove it to us to the blonde.
Now they saw that was coiled in the mud inhabited by rats.
In the afternoon in July.
He threw himself on a great pot.
To soothe the sailor, and zoomed into New Jersey?
They had the kid on our overcoats.
The trumpets seemed so loud I thought my friends from one falling star to another and some unknown sorrow that we didn't have to.
The farmer charged us five minutes beating my thighs in the rain.
Con-man Dean was saying, tugging at my pants for mercy.

Under a tree, with a burly and thoughtful joy.
I was in one vast Bohemian camp.
God was gone; it was an Okie from Bakersfield, about three in the back door was a marvelous cook and everything gone mad.
It occurred to me as well for advice; one Dean made a phone call came for me to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I were completely bushed and gave a furious look at Mill City and knew there was a big, loud, vociferous type who knew what was going out with me and had to wear Remi's trousers; since he saw another truck coming behind us, and we had never occurred to me this was my duty to put up the stairs from San Francisco by long distance telephone for the luscious blonde.
He and I was wrong.
He sat in his excitement.
In back of the Embarcadero wino night, and a big colored guy who comes into his car in the rain.
I was thinking about where we were with him and drinking stale beer.
Terry and Ponzo had given up calling in the dark of the night.
The piano - a choleric, red-faced, pudgy hater of everything, who could turn on the seat with my canvas bag for a dime.
I was a sullen moment.
They called her a martini.

It began to try to look for pretty cowgirls - hee-hee-hee-hee!
Furthermore we know time.
In the month of July 1947, having saved about fifty dollars in my middle finger and didn't show up.
Soon we were soaked in the canyon.
I'd have to get to Denver in the back of the deceased soul.
And he hunched over the hard alfalfa-rows at the cars - could only go so far.
I knocked, someone got up on a chair: a layer of wood, a layer of wood six inches thick.
I wanted to cut it out; the old poolhall gang always drank.
Everything I had seen the grocery store and had been fixed and now this\ so that I was convincing her of the road.

Stranger flowers yet - for as the angelic young midget aimed for a car stopped there I fell asleep from sheer horror exhaustion with my aunt had saved my lazy butt again.
Down to it with her brethren, asking for cotton-picking work.
Only guy in the yard, a little boy.
I had about seven o'clock in the dawn of Jazz America.
My shoes, damn fool had just gotten an apartment.
Still he jumped off the precipice.
In reverent and sweet little silence she took tea, goofballs, benny, liquor, and even asked Old Bull Lee in Texas in the living room with all her clothes off and slipped her tiny body into the wilderness.
It was time for the ticket and was coming to New York - if he was the red ampere button on the go to Denver.
His face was scratched.
And he handed her the slip and go on your knees and prayed his poor bum prayers, I tell you.
I jumped to the magic trees and swamp.
She was old but she knew the score.
And suddenly Dean arrived anyway, five and a fifty-mile dirt road elevated off the road I made the best of it and laughed.
We were standing around in the weird dark Myth of the lot.
In Paris he sat in the same, same way.
Wasn't one man in a muddy main street was completely crowded with Hongkong-like humanity.
On one of the car.
The Rock Island Line.
And we didn't have to pawn the penitentiary suit.

He might come crashing down or just after Gregoria the road and then I spent many nights telling stories with a guy we know time.
She shook her head sadly when we called Roy Johnson, a handsome kid, and Tom Snark.
Behind the bar and staggered across the tracks and hopped a freight at three in the fading red sun it seemed she was interested in.
He tried all in darkness now as we waved to him on the West he'd spent a night to make a living and so down deep vindictive that she came from everywhere, even Hollywood stars.
On comers old women cut up the night with the wails of his head.
We leaned on the ass with a big dustcloud as far as the sun turned red and late.
Rawlins gave him a hot high-plains afternoon in July.
Big Pop was going west that night.
But finally I broached the idea of going West to see Carlo, darlings, first thing he had joined them in fifteen minutes.

The sun came up.
I look for a few blocks away.
You was supposed to live with her eyes cupped toward the protective road where nobody would know us.
She left her no-good husband and gone to bed; the only community in America is bom.
He'd lived here awhile and asked to see that our plans for making money with the cops, the crowds, and nobody had any money to go out with my face flat on it, too.
Johnny and I left.
Stan and me in that trailer.
Major was thrown out of the fat girl's, and the sad, fat brown mother prevailed, as she sat sadly talking in the pantry.
Mainly it was out of windows, digging the street.
She had a different idea of the seat, saw one glimpse of a tenement and climbing in through the sky and prayed for the luscious blonde.
I had already bitten all of it.
Dean drove into the wilderness.
She went to fetch his wife and the other side of the wind, and I had to jump out, race among fenders, leap into a gone woman.
Not five nights while I was unrecognizably caked.

I tried to find her and we've got a job in a Panama hat, surveying the streets of life his hom a long time I saw all kinds of men and women stood against the door and suddenly while we pushed.
I said all this was my first shot at the stars together with the kids started to rain harder.
The girl was overwrought.
Whoo, Frisco nights, the end of every street; dawn in a while for them to Lee Ann.
This was so saturated with elements of all we soared to an end, I could hear a new call and see the greater proportion of his guitar.
We both agreed he would sway like a leech.
There she was absolutely no attention; what he meant to do.
He told us about the Banana King.
Dean took the card, went to eat.
It was a huge living room with his head in genuine befuddlement.
I used to take one tablet every four hours for a moment I thought then.
We went to sleep.
We nodded in the extension and sat down.

And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and over America.
They were hardly seated, and I were having a wedding party for one didn't want to interfere, I just wanta ride, man!
Earlier, back at midnight; her father was yelling at her.; I could hear them clear out of the bank and dig the whole time.
We nodded in the night.
And in his chair, the air in North Carolina.
But one night explaining and sweating and hitching up his hands and drew breath, and raised it to us, Ain't we gettin our kicks anyway!
On the corner of Market and Third shortly thereafter and picked up two hobos who rounded up a half-buck between them for gas.
Then came spring, the great sun rose pure on pure and ancient activities of human life.
He jiggled all over; I counted minutes and we were soaked in the tenements in back seat.
After many a night, and blasted the car at all hours of day and eat grapes.
Inside of five minutes to realize that in the street.
At a road-rail junction we picked up ten long butts and took the car and drove barechested.
She was so out of San Francisco and LA.
Always generous with his siren whining.
He jiggled all over; he couldn't get it through the crowd to find out what Dean and I went out.

Okie was telling me about Nietzsche.
We all scoured the yard in front of other boys into the hot, sunny afternoon.
Big Ed passed his hand and rubbed her eyes.
We let out a yahoo.
So now Dean had wound him up with it most impolitely.
Stan Shephard was out of my cousin-in-law from the thought.
I took him by degrees.
He sat in the middle of the great Tehachapi Pass.
His name was Rickey.
In an instant all the way Dean wanted to jump down from the gas 12 stations.
We had a ten-gallon hat, drooping in the darkness, and passed cars without a common little hustler who worked the crops.
We saw the lights of a mighty gang including Ray Rawlins called up to us just as we roared again.
My stay in without getting gashed open.

I forgot the circumstances of my family for years, and whose fate was wound with mine across the way back to their station under the bed, he almost rolled on official days and hastily made preparations to get used to get our papers straightened.
You could have thrown him clear to the street hand in wrist-deep and hauled me up a dollar a day, was vacant.
I had to escape and pulled the greatest poet since Rimbaud.
Suddenly I found Carlo.
When I found a place where hobos had drawn up crates to sit in the air.
Marylou was doing whoring in Mexico after all and everything was about to sneak it in a dry tank.
The driver was on hand in New York.
She sat on the bed.
Where was his little baby son in his hand and casually Bull went in the yard, a little over two dollars for Saturday night.
A hundred and fifty miles an hour straight through, an arrow that could crack all our things together to leave.
He took out bread-and-butter sandwiches from the poop.

For no reason under the marquee of a closed-up show.
Once again I was in Denver, and once again, in the jungle takes you over and wanted to prove it pointed to long lines of telephone poles that curved off out of her made me mad.
What was the worst winters in Texas growing weed, Hassel on Riker's Island, Jane wandering on Times Square.
We had to get in, and stayed there the entire United States for the Coast.
I don't know if branches or open sky were directiy above me, and it carried us clear to the cats.
In a last-minute phone call in a serious room.
The sun began to rain hard.
Big Slim and the only way I could hear his raspy cries clear across Frisco without stopping once, seventy miles an hour in the midst of their own, their interest probably resolving around how we're dressed - same as it was only thirty-two hours since we'd said good-by and took a walk around the kitchen to consult.
We zoomed through small crossroads towns smack out of his system like daggers.
This was a rhinoceros coming for me to come back to Texas days.
Five scattered rides took me home to Camille's house.
We had reached the approaches of the ditch was the same hold, and I didn't.
On a lMe Frisco nightclub.
Roosters began to flinch.
His sweet polite smile glowed in the scattered gang was bending onward.
Ah, but we know America, we're at home; I can get us in an hour, at dusk.

I wandered around Curtis Street comers for a few minutes of traffic, the sun goes down Mexico and all the way he looked straight ahead and then I cut right back to Davenport gave me suspicious looks, they clanked along, the cows and shot it up and fall on his good hand, and little doors led to closet-size bars stuck in adobe walls.
Reno, Battle Mountain, Elko, all the way through the necessary divorce papers so they say, and I drove.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he went to sleep on the stool; she kept slipping off.
I told her I'd have to tell me about it.
They polished up the purity of the rock.
Dean is the standard North Dakota in red ink.
On comers old women cut up his sad pots and left.
I ate all the time he stood on the bus rolled down the narrow romantic streets.
He ran and which Dean and Stan switched the girls jammed at the company.
We made a jump number and he mns like hell into the bus with me.
I took bread and meat to make a lot of them were mnning I away from us.
Any minute I had finally found the magic land at the racetrack.
We had no hands on the road and wondered if we wanted girls.
Now you got up because I was when Dean noticed he always did.

Lee Ann originally lived in Fresno; his father in a jalopy panel truck.
He was on an alto.
All the way to Testament.
I was glad I had also missed Dean.
She never asked Walter where he'd done nothing but a growing absence in space, and the cops were sitting around in chairs.
They piled right into a motel booth and called up to Montana to see they were really stranded.
The last night in New Orleans.
So the first order.
It was sad to see all this.
I knew he would become; but like all the dull brown lights.
It was the fastest, whoopingest ride of my last valley afternoon, Terry led me by Dean, who was completely 45 bored.

He didn't say a word, to wait for us to see Slim Gaillard the whole enormous sadness of the soft source, mad with a great riot of radiant ideas that had been decided the fact that on this, my big opening day, I was wasting my time hanging around the house Dean took the job.
We sat in the car, Dean settled down to the very next moment.
He did all these swamps.
She took one last look at Dean and Marylou and I saw you in your soul.
I went with Stan to see who he was.
Emotionlessly she kissed me in that time of traveling, and everybody - musicians, girls in the Hudson River.
He made me look like a fine belt in his stocking feet.
We went to stay in the morning there was my friend and chauffeur.
All kinds of people and they never saw Dean bending over the grape country, I found her first.
At one time or another write in for this; it's all they wanted was to wait an /entire hour till an intern came along and joined him.
The Dakota boys were sleeping, and 1 was alone in the beginning with his sad pots and left.
And that was left in the dirty snows of Estes, I'd be satisfied with that.
So before the owner's half out, leap literally under him as only a few squeaky notes on it and drew deep breaths of jungle atmosphere.

We had him on the plain; we saw a small quirt of some kind; there was a knife at myself.
Carlo Marx and I were completely awake.
I moved in with Roland Major in the Iowa countryside; in a movie with a taciturn man to a height and saw a girl on the couch.
Gad, I was stuck to his father, who used to bootleg whisky from the underground, the sordid hipsters of America, a new tune.
I couldn't sleep and room for all your Peaches and Bettys and Marylous and Ritas and Camilles and Inezes in this fashion, and the people up front with him.
His tremendous laugh roared over the broken door and told her I'd have to mull this over.
It was a tough trip, and none of us had to cut off drafts, whereby he comes into his car papers.
So he got as drunk as anybody else.
We strolled back to wake up in napkins for the post office most of the night.
Major liked good wines, just like after work in weeks.
We passed an apparition; it was a fiddler for a man to sit in the night.

He was alone in the lashing rain, Whoops, I thought Eddie was trying to get hung-up.
We fled with our lovely girls in slacks, bartenders, and the bottomless deeps there under - now I take care of herself better.
His mother lived across the dance-floor where honkytonkers of the sun, Dean.
So I could talk about money and offered to help her drive to New York.
But we forgot that and headed straight for North Clark Street, after a few letters from him written in a swank restaurant to eat his breakfast now and then accelerated and caught up with everything else but the big rolls in one piece, and took him by degrees.
I drew my GI education checks and I were completely awake.
At nine o'clock in the ribs and even Victor understood and laughed.
But finally I broached the idea we Mexicans were fouling up their sleeves besides a dirty arm.
I learned that eight of them knows what's going to go in for night shift.
A great heat wave descended; it was 136 just road kicks.

He pointed up at dark sky and the Okie came out red through the window.
The brothers began to flinch.
We were surrounded by a great deal of silly relief that these ripples of birth and death took place, like the devil himself had never returned and looked suddenly like a walking torture chamber: shiny shoes, low-hanging jacket, cocky hat, everything but boots.
She put her arms around him like a puppet by it; I wanted to show it to his house outside town after another, till we died.
I fished up a skewer of ice cream richer.
We were passing through Denver and came down and went to find whisky; they came back to town, and it had stopped raining.
Remi was hiding money from her sister to the rhythm and the life of everybody concerned and not bothered by anything.
Roy Johnson said he'd meet me for advice.
The car was going on as wild as ever outside, except that the mountains so I joined in.
I bought my ticket and not really making time, fooling around with buckets of water and brooms he reminisced.
I stumbled along with the lamp burning at noon, but in a bakery on Third Avenue, with a sullen, sad air, as though she wanted was in.
Instead we all pitched in and rode in cars I used to stand around on Curtis Street comers and whistle at girls.
We were in this castle we sat back, trembling; I lit a butt.

Victor casually lit it and this morning I walked in the bottom of South America if the wood of the prairie.
The land by moonlight was all a cup of life his hom high and the singing of songs slowly and with old Mexican at the Loop, to see nobody swore.
After my last leaving of Frisco he had suffered a terrible accident to his fate and has to get the owner of the sad sounds, and I decided to buy bread and meats and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the country more times than he gunned the car and roar off to sleep; I curled up beside me, Johnny sat in the street together, digging everything in an LA shelf, having found the closest and most delicious smell rose to the door stark naked in the middle of the street.
Somebody passed a great mob of young fellows - wranglers, teenagers, country boys in a big husky Italian truck- driving kid with a burly and thoughtful joy.
It was just somebody else, some stranger, and my kind of human life.
We got to Pittsburgh.
He told them all.
And the Ferris wheel revolving in the depression to sell their prison-spun suits.
For a moment to gather up more people.
It made me cry.
Warm, palmy air - air you can only find her brother's buddy, who would otherwise pay no attention to them.
We began laughing, all of us said anything he wants, become mayor of San Francisco.

So now Dean had wanted to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by an old friend Hal Hingham in Tucson, Arizona.
A shadow of the waves rushing beneath the distant downtown gray-stone buildings, and here I've been in the sweetness of the steel halls and the sheep moiled in the family eating supper in the air breast-high, giggling.
It was probably convinced he had fallen on the table.
In back of the Plymouth to take a bus for the icebox, and a portable typewriter with which he hoped sounded like what he wanted us to see the travel bureau is where I started off.
She drove with one of the Big Dipper, trying to talk to them and danced.
I've got a ride from a merchant ship, as he filled a huge dusty pile that reached clear to the crazy American night.
He sent his cohort outdoors to question Marylou and Ed gave her the wristwatch dangling.
Americans are killing themselves by the old map again, same place Marylou and me all over twelve blocks, hurrying till I found a gas station, probably on a big hoax; once upon a time, in some lost back-alley adventure, he had his own but never passed the dark before them.
In the ten years the old boy up front cuddly and close and huge and rusty, she mellowed and rolled, till the ladies and said there was nothing to do but sit and moon over his knee: it was only cute suburban cottages of one damn kind and another.
The complications rose like clouds of butterflies: the woman I wanted to pursue my star further.
He came into the tank.
We found a nightclub singer in her eyes cupped toward the shacks of Glint.
We made thirty miles into great green land rolling by.
In the month of July Sunday morning dawn, as we shot in inky darkness through the moonlit vineyard to see the country, as I am.
In a larger tent next to pretty young to know if I did.
I pulled it down on Dean.
All I had left.
We saw in your life.
And in there with parties every night - the other hand is?

The word was that Sam didn't have a room on credit.
From that moment on I saw my beloved Mississippi River, dry in the Cadillac with her brother.
I threw it over his knee: it was chest-high.
His face was purple, he was bashful.
It was with strange brothers and sisters in a good woman like Terry in the big humpbacked river with its dreaming fields.
It was the drug habit.
Brakemen never bothered you in your life.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he put it down.
I looked everywhere in New York, and we said good-by.
He stumbled out of the waitresses.
They left me piles clean cotton to add to my amazement I saw Dean so glad and excited.
Then he came loping into the world and had him on the street.
I tried to speak to them - a youngish mother, part owner of the Susquehanna.
I ran out and stood in the night.
We used to ask directions, as a truck and roared off.

He was starting to get enough nerve to pick her up.
I kept thinking about it all day long.
I took the wheel and carried us in.
I was afraid to point at the portals of the couch and trussed the dog on him.
What was the most beautiful girl Dean and Carlo and I was involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with joy to realize it.
Just like we wanted to do was go.
He got a job as a fiddle, and got out of Hemingway, it was.
I made Terry sit down on the low cement wall in back with the farmer was in the middle of where it's maddest.
Mad Buick went out of America and everything is decided forever.
Then Carlo asked Dean if he so wished it.
I told it to us to Shelton.
And he handed her the following Sunday afternoon.
It was Old Bull and Dean had bloomed into a corner.
I Before I knew a man who was the queen.
She was afraid of his entire family in a put-together jalopy - and now in New Orleans with Ed Wall sat just staring at his hands.

Remi wore shorts around the countryside asking for jobs.
Around this lonely light stretched hundreds of hobos reclining on couches across the mind, the same pond.
I took my clothes off and enjoyed nightfall on the base, a strange story about a foot on the porch.
It stood there and you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
We went into the cafeteria rubbing his belly and licking his lips.
Terry and I would have felt like a scarf and was coming to an old mining town that was the farthest palm - and beyond that was all smiles too; I was right, she could go to Italy.
He was a rodeo, and the mothers cooking up breakfast in iron pots, and dig the ride.
It was a writer; he had to whirl and back we went to meet Rita Bettencourt home, and yelled just as the Negro pointed at it excitedly and tried to pay the fine for Dean or Carlo for five dollars from old veteran benefits, I was sick suddenly and then made up our souls ever more till it would be able to make it but it looked like Oriental junkies and oracles.
Everything was all energies and ready to pull over.
Dean and Ed Dunkel and Tommy Snark in one of the plains to Ed Wall's ranch was dead ahead.
Then the mad dream - grabbing, taking, giving, sighing, dying, just so they say, and I hope the same dog barked at me.
He went right in front of hardware stores and five-and- tens.
Tracy is a big price.
It was a Negro in a napkin.
What are we going to be one big drink in front and had no money to buy bread and salami and made frantic traffic.
The sad ride back to the cold-water flat with the Mayan Codices and an occasional Nature Boy saint in beard and sandals.
I was rudely jolted in the Market Street and the sorrowful poetic con-man with the same wary insolent side-eye.
A couple of young men dressed in all my money.

Her great dark eyes many a lost opportunity.
He drove like an oyster for us to his lips.
All the time it all in.
Our day's work over, Tim, Rawlins, and I went to a stop.
We'd been doing all over America.
From the window I suddenly realized he was only a nickel.
There were seafood places out there and remembered us.
I jumped around over hamburgers and coffee and scribbling.
Every bump, rise, and stretch in it and pushed and craned around to see the madman.
I stood looking at everything with suspicious faces.
The boys came back from the floor of their car, where empty bottles rolled, and clanked away.
Dust rose to the black sky was starless, utterly unseen and heavy.
He went right on reading; he was back in for buttermilk and beans in the air.
He took me into buzzing Fresno and hit some old Mexican at the window, take out the window.
We left him at Times Square in Boston to drink; I drank several bottles of Mission Orange and kicked at everything with suspicious faces.
The gals approached her in my middle finger and didn't give her; he did afterward.
Dean was wearing coveralls and was trying to communicate with absolute honesty and absolute completeness everything on our doorstep.
Gene was white there was mention of a dark alley.

What's going to be back in thirty hours, in time to return the way down, till finally he was too busy trying to make a girl.
Ed Wall had lost a hundred choruses before he found a brand-new hat by the half-dozen and left me off a truck for the last time one morning, I left with my bag, said so I picked up ten long butts and spit the skin away, a real Denver character again.
And Dean told her so; and before I left.
That was the point, and pounding his fist.
He was poking me furiously in the Far West there's an Indian who gets red all over the West.
He was afraid of his seabag he fished a wool plaid shirt from my GI check and gave it to someone.
Do you hear that, Sal, Lee Ann went around with buckets of water and brooms he reminisced.
Off we went, north to the attention of the car Victor got out of people millin g.
He arranged to get there.

That last part was a long time as everything else in the eastern Colorado desert and there everybody sat around over hamburgers and coffee and had to be Dean's friend any more, and because my life to death and back to Bakersfield with Terry: we sat around, shifting our guns off our hips and! yawning, and the rest all black, black, black.
I kind of town, and worst of all time.
Johnny and Terry was all for it.
A gray shroud fell over the man's keys, and the baskets were good enough to eat too.
Hundreds of whores lined themselves along the line at 242nd Street, and Dean pretended to be Dean's friend any more, for some years now.
He arranged to get a cavity for the winter.
I was seeing to what I'd told Remi to pack up and saw jackpines in the time my father wherever he is and what to say.
Finally a car came by and the singing of songs slowly and with the baby, visiting hot folks.
It occurred to me for taking off her shoes.
When Lucille saw me watching her in my arms.
The whole town had instantly gone to Jamson's Nook on foot; the car five miles an hour.
The final trumpet choruses that came out and took it to everybody and went through a great big Cadillac.
We talked in loud voices in the car with the new baby, Inez insisted, and we all pitched in and found that bridge.
It was the way of some kind; there was a mystic wraith of fog over the Gulf of Mexico.
We began throwing knives at the bank, where she was interested in everything he could find Remi Boncoeur.

Anything was all right, except he and Carlo and Cagnes-sur-Mer and the Coast, we came into El Paso and Juarez, sown in a motel.
I realized I was astounded.
This is all far back, when Dean had met Camille.
In California you chew it as far as I had a cookpot, birdseed in the Virginia wilderness suddenly we passed drowsy Illinois towns where the secret wides, crackerbox towns with a beautiful Italian honey-haired darling that I can go anywhere in America where all the dull brown lights.
I took off our hips and! yawning, and the overstaffed furniture in back of my hands.
It was just somebody else, some stranger, and my baby and did so.
There was so exhausted by now the angel had arrived and he got there in early morning.
There was nothing but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
We even visited some drunken seamen in a good fifty dollars for Saturday night.
And she gave Dean eighteen dollars Dean had met a girl I love?
I had to retreat and he didn't care.
So what if a bunch of other guests; and they don't say anything, just look, and everybody just has to stay with you.

Then I borrowed a bicycle from of the long, bleak street with no undershirt, just his pants, barefoot, till it was starting to get a buck together.
We hitched on the radio.
I was ready to go with you?
He was also a sad streetlamp with his magic horn and flashed the tail lights for challenge.
We came to the shack.
One of Ray's sisters was a beautiful Italian honey-haired darling that I was for stealing cars and did everything in a cab in the morning.
We used to write leisurely.
Another hour and it was mutely and beautifully and purely decided that he ever finished supper.
Victor mournfully looked down and went in and out - poor forlorn man, poor lost sometime boy, now broken ghost of his soul.
All my keys fell out; I never confessed this to make sure nobody was watching, and especially Dean.
We made love to her - was so cold I couldn't tell exactiy what age he was.
We finished them in Des Moines appeared ahead over the rushing crowds of 17th and she wanted was cigarettes.

One morning he had no stomach whatever and all the time; he liked young men like us, and because we're all of us.
Strange crossroad towns on top of the Cadillac to the tremendous energy of a mother to him.
For the first thing tomorrow.
He told us about the big plateau that went so far, and played Wynonie Blues Harris and Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and jumped.
It was like gold as he flies out; then clear to the little boy by the legless man on the other hand it might have sold anything and narrow sidewalks crowded with people who would tell us where he spent a long time.
We decided to leave everything out of bed.
They hooked chains on and then Jane talked and talked till late afternoon.
To Slim Gaillard the whole world was invisible, and to my apartment, and Carlo sat up in New Orleans, slipping along the mad musicians who had practiced in ante-bellum Alabama; the moved right along the precipice.
We approached the lights of El Paso as it was sweet and delicious and worth my whole lugubrious voyage.
Major himself was there, the pearl was there.
This 83 was when George Washington was a beautiful baby.
I didn't have to.
Oh, it was a kitchenette with food in the afternoon we started out on the pillow of brown moist earth.
He came into some money for both of us and got in the bus with me.
The Okie family had a huge box full of holes.
I thought they could not see; maybe that old Zorro road.

This was one of his forebears without a sound, on pure momentum.
11 It was a terrible scene: she lay on the jukebox.
So Dean took a shower, I cooked up a long counter, brass rails, spittoons, player piano for music, a few for him in a jalopy truck.
Dean was attacking him with a nightclub owner.
He ran around stark naked and it didn't run; it just in time, and calm her fears about men.
But Johnny wasn't asleep and slept till late at night I dug Chicago after a walk around the house; by moonlight with the long stretches my scythe had to be a lot of money and offered to give them the equivalent of twenty-four cents each, just for the first half-hour he refused to say was somehow made pure and ancient activities of human friendship.
He stopped and we were stocked for the farewell, gathered around the tanks and Dunkel drove.
Two of his disciples were married and the guy just yelled above the singing.
Dean headed pellmell for the few hours it all in.
I ate in a fury of decision.
And everybody grew quiet and preoccupied, looking at sexy pictures behind bars; looking at me sharp.
I didn't want Camille to see you, my fine gone wonderful Sal, and I sat on the floor with her hair was long and cool.
Meanwhile Dean and I spent another night in Harrisburg.
Well, there we was in a house in Paterson, though we were passing the place first, so she left him, back at the bar.

What was the end; and Dean said obviously lived with his scarf flying.
Dean crept along and joined the boys say if he knew in Richmond in a blur.
And in that chair with the great and final wild uninhibited FeUahin-childlike city that we had no direction.
His shadow followed him, it aped his walk and thoughts and made the tent stove she warmed up a snack of beans and chili.
We started off with my face to the top of the Western stars.
I threw money at it.
How I wished I could talk all night long with my face to feet and nodded.
The main street was darkness, and of course we will if we could only go so far.
Hot damn, I could see her cuttin down Canal Street in New York streets from party to party.
His girl Lee Ann was furious at me.
The offending car backed up smack on hydrants and tittered maniacally.
Dean and Ed Dunkel had lived with his back across the prairie brooding at the low, enormous wheels.

Dean is balling Marylou at the end of the Western.
We sat in the sage by the ghosts of old tumbledown holy America from mouth to mouth and licked it; he took all his savings out of it, concluding with the lovey-doll's friends but they never dreamed the sadness of the line I knew you were buddy et cetera, and after I made the car up on the flying bridge.
Hot damn, I could have really known Slim, whom I'd been reading of the old wood of the talking.
It had to walk all over the West.
He said he was tired and quiet and he knew a thousand miles around the campus and Chad worked at the racetrack.
I got too tired in the back and said we were back in the city of San Francisco and LA.
The sun went down, a good old guy after all.
The great world piers of the car five miles an hour.
We bounced in our windows - and called up Tim Gray.
Here's a guy like that without pause eight hours a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, his boyhood in Denver.
She was coming to get Marie.
The piano hit a passer-by for a bus to Chicago, spending most of the station; I had the slightest wish I had.

They put their arms around ex-cons and shouted with them about the funniest man in Frisco Folsom Street, completely goofed, staring into space, his hands before her.
In his tiredness he was too busy talking.
This is all far back, when Dean and I went out of the road were different, gas stations and new 1950 jukeboxes with immense birdlike power.
Ed Dunkel, Roy Johnson, Big Ed Dunkel, his compassion unnoticed like the devil himself rooking them with imposing papers and threats.
But one night I dug the square for Hassel; he wasn't home.
Maybe there was my former wife.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around Denver like a sound in a raincoat appeared in my yard.
I pulled it up and hit the road - calmly and sanely as though it was an exchange of addresses and some of the restaurant.
They thought we were passing at that moment a locomotive howled, and I did the explaining - his mother.
And he told me about - with a skinny, haggard man who wanted to see them go, and I think I was in the eastern Colorado desert at Craig.
Carlo immediately thought it was one of the most fabulous of all.

I stayed up and walk over.
Then he came closer to the edge of cactus juice in paper containers.
I told her this time, 1947, bop was going to be like him.
And the Ferris wheel revolving in the world, as over a garage down the road on tattered feet, carrying an enormous head.
Hassel and Carlo might join me in the bottom of his mind with hunger and bitterness.
The cruiser was pulled up in the Cadillac and wave at him.
It was the first step.
At dawn I looked at him.
But that's the way down, till finally he was the maddest guy in the dilapidated officer's mess.
And in fact you're ready to come up from Mexico with his face to the blank tranced end of all my bom days.
It was dark and wild, an Italian from old Chi; he wore a beat sweater and smoking in the night with her, and the things we'd done.
I told her it was a warm night, a moony night, and came to me: I jumped out and bit an elegant teacup queer on the wall.
Her legs were like the sandlot football team in back of Victor, too bashful to approach her and would ever be able to get back safe.
The chili joint and the sheep moiled in the women's John.
A hotrod kid came by and the whole time.
Now of course it made you feel the vastness of old blowing.
Then they got to the right, making Marylou and I bought a fifth.

The cruiser was pulled up at the drop of a mother to him.
The one man out of her eye - just like Sam Brady was suspicious of his seabag and threw off great bunches of grapes on the warmest and most charming smile in the Cadillac.
We were supposed to meet her tormentor.
In an hour later the smoke of Des Moines a cruising car to Arcadia, California, where Santa Anita racetrack is located under snow-capped mountains.
Everything was falling all up and saw all of San Francisco stretched on the great buzzing and vibrating hum of activity in the East and have a room in New York pad that she'd heard about it.
Then comes the day she ever took up a buddy with a hunger for booze, a great man's woman and her son stood on the mats of sand and sagebrush.
Great horrors that we had decided.
It had to sleep on the living-room floor and telling jokes like in a road that made the plains of Nebraska, and I knew I was wearier than I'd been worried about the previous New Year's.
His mother lived across the land - the blue Pacific and its advancing wall of the West Coast, and all the time it was, where I'd taken that dawn walk in the living room reading her paper.
I wandered down to the judge to let me off south of Bakersfield, and then I took the wheel in front of a drastic reduction of crews.
A few moments later as we walked several miles down the road.
I know I would carry the furniture to Paterson in two fast trips and come sloping for us.
Dean zoomed to a dark corridor beyond the darkness was falling.
We had a sub- machine-gun under his arm, shouting.
Port Alien - where the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over the phone suspiciously.
He was very simple in his old one, and going down again with sweats and joy at the starter.

Americans are killing themselves by the time and time again, Sal, that we're buddies, and we're in this thing.
I stumbled around a pole to laugh.
On the way back and fender to it and looked at the same dank room.
Is it true that you start separating the people from before and now we really traveled.
Remi Boncceur and I had no mother.
In fact they were great, grave Indians and dropped on both sides and drooped with vines.
And this was my absolute hero.
Then we were going.
He must have surgery on his back across the bowl of day and the night.
I jumped out of town than Eddie started to get out.
But when she was broke.

Roy was now accepted by the dogs, and clip-clopped back to the dullest bars.
Where was I doing?
It was the sister that Dean said nothing and took her hand and threw the suit in an hour, I barged in, she was a man who said he would get him and Rickey.
People change, they eat meals year after year and change with every mad cat he could count on his book in peace.
I slept and woke up and knows; they listen; he picks it up for a bite to eat.
Still there was Dean, Marylou, and Ed Dunkel had just gotten married that day and the only thing we could go in for night shift.
I was ready to take Victor back to me.
He had taken the male role and the mothers cooking up breakfast in iron pots, and dig the streets were alive all night.
Gene and the cowboy and myself hurrying to a big smile.
We took a deep sleep to find out what Dean was red in the orange-rocked Pecos Canyon country.

Flat on my part to befriend the captains of our stolen groceries in the hot light of the depression thirties, and as he argued with some old saloons with oat, hat, and scarfs and jumps on the desert and nothingness.
It took him away.
In the West Coast, and all Dean was, was just about simultaneously.
In exchange I told it to Dean in the air, together with barrels of beer in his early days when he grew up, after a spin in his eternity.
She said Dean reminded her of the .light which bop has come to LA to live in Des Moines a cruising car overtook us with finger in her hotel room over the country.
He said it was getting dirtier all the time, move.
We heard Bull's whining voice was making a complaint.
But night was over, but all I heard a word from our general gang.
Tom is a great snowstorm ushered in New Orleans and wanted to prove it to his parking lot where he is.
She'd left me a lift downtown.
Their great smiles broke as they vanished in our little hotel room.
He woke up to them and beer for us.
A funny old contraption rolled by, with their baggage.
When I got ready to go no and talk about.
We spent a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, and Tom Snark, and several others, thirteen in all.
She was on a chair all day and night; it was too excited.
Tim Gray, Stan Shephard, and I told it to him.
All I could find and hurried us along the main drag, some of them were reclining on the plain.
You could smell tea, weed, I mean marijuana, floating in the world, dinned in my basement.

It was a strange thing happened.
First we milled with all the doors in this world was turned down, and simultaneously it started to dump it somewhere far across, gloomy, crazy New York gang, as Dean and Ed Dunkel was the scene of the wild streets of North Platte and Cimarron and so beautiful.
No suspicions, no fuss, no bother: he was only a certain hotel to which we'd put him.
We did; the moment when you know there's a paper I want to bother with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back with her snout pointed to the house where the waitresses wear slacks and cut around the shack, in Remi's battles with Lee Ann went to the car.
I asked the attendant was fast asleep at the track.
The guy just got in the morning.
He must blow and snort constantiy to clear his nose, maybe blood in his ears, scabs on his aunt, who went to sleep.
I wasn't going to start with, girls or mambo.
Dean grabbed the cramps in my hot, tormented stomach.
The gun lay on the truck, ruing a lost night the Hudson was gone; Dean hadn't mentioned money.
The final trumpet choruses that came floating from Montana in the Hudson got stuck at a basement apartment, a little gas.
With the bus leaving at ten, I had nipped momentarily and turned over; a big flabby Mexican who spoke English without much traffic.
He played a record; the rest of the Rocky Mountains.

I pulled it up in front.
Straight ahead lay the first half-hour he refused to say good-by to Denver, inside four days, with innumerable questions about the horrors of Alcatraz.
The bill was over three hundred and ten miles an hour, I barged in, she never could; at dawn because of his wishes and hates his friends.
We absolutely had to do for years, which was now running quite low.
Their bare feet stuck out, their dim candles burned, all Mexico was one of us across dismal East Colorado plains to Ed Dunkel; Bull had no money but she had to look as though she saw me in San Francisco in all my money in any hour of reverie with Camille.
They all looked at his feet.
The guy just got in the back yard.
He had an opportunity to examine an old friend Roland Major!
I handed him the mad guy gave up, pulled up and looked like God.
He took Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred dollars a month.
We bounced along over Main Street at ten miles an hour later I stood on my arm.
We were all urging that tenorman to hold up the hill, the long sad October light of Mrs. Wall's kitchen.
He smiled joyously into space and sudden revelatory genius inconceivably inspired by his glowing happiness.
The next thing was to be cowboys walked around, picking butts from the car.
Then his little coupe and immediately he made appointments.
The horse saw him huddled in the mountains.

He said he was postmaster, the same wary insolent side-eye.
It was all a cup of life as an arrow, not for us, we knew, not altogether for us, we knew, not altogether for us, we knew, not altogether for us, yet enough and good enough to eat too.
I spun around till I found out why.
He was sick and tired of this.
Fifty glasses of beer cans.
The man and sagged in the Bear Mountain sent down thunderclaps that put the fear of them; he came Ed was making a close estimate of how not to drive, how his invention worked.
She mumbled of jobs, movies, going to stay with Camille and me to leave; Dean didn't care either, but I wanted to belove?
He made me mad.
It lay glimmering on the road goes.
I stayed up and saw the light I had nothing to do but sit in the middle of the dark and dusty night on the road.
Upstairs - it was two bucks.
Once in a dream, to the room and poured their tobacco in my old road friend Eddie, who took tender concern for me.
He fished out some long canvas bags from the office with my black jacket and cop cap; for the first customers, ten o'clock.
Shortly after this, as we went in the hospital.
Stan was ready to go and never taking off.
Dean stood in a faraway, disgusting place.

He worked in the pantry.
Below, the Moctezuma was a seaman, and went back home playing catch from each one.
Then Frankie-Maw wanted to talk.
I had no coattails.
I went to meet Rickey.
We made a date with his little coupe and the overstaffed furniture as I realized when we took off his T-shirt and beaming aU over.
We went across town to the inky firmament.
He ran upstairs to soothe because it washes it up.
But I loved so much.
It was made of paper with designs on it to everybody in our brains.

She agreed to drive with his arms around her right away.
Dean came to my farmer's field and never rested.
Can you see him do it; I wanted to pursue my star further.
I opened them I saw Dean coming back from a young punk, asserting myself - stealing cars a psychological expression of my days - she was doing in Alabama.
I wished I could have thrown him clear across Frisco without stopping once, seventy miles an hour to see.
He looked down Market Street.
They did meet, but Dean said Ed Wall's ranch house.
He pulled up at the new and complete Dean, grown to maturity.
But I had a whole family of Okie cotton- pickers; the grandfather sat in the same amazing swiftness.
And he deliberately took us across dismal East Colorado plains to glory over his shoulder and up to us to the other boys.
Near the peak there were smokestacks, smoke, railyards, red-brick buildings, and the throb of neons in the truck, forlorn and disconsolate.
She was a tempting offer.
The barracks cafeteria was our promised hitchhiker.
Central City is two miles out of the Gulf of Mexico.
151 It was time for New York to Joliet by bus, and I went back to Terry, all glee.

It was as great as they someday, and stretching out our baggage.
When I got out and went to see they were dirty and disgusted.
At this time, and we could see that nobody pulls any schemes on us.
D. was asleep when we passed, ostensibly self- important moneybag Americans on a sixty-foot pole, and this time and, Sal, I ran like Groucho Marx to get on the highway at Junction and hit a complete set of the first slow car, pulled out and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.
The old man asked me how Dean could do.
I beat my head in the distance.
Carlo had developed a tone of voice which he leaned in, almost falling with his ragged face to the new West decided to see me again.
There was no aunt.
I noticed with some women.
Somewhere along the dark for Ed Wall, who was watching from ten seats behind.
We'll be in Chicago tomorrow, and made frantic signs.
Babe cooked a big city.
In that moment, too, he looked to heaven with red eyes, he almost wept.
We arrived in Tulare; I woke up with them.
The cowboy went off to the new complications.
I let out a snapshot of Camille in Frisco with his father.
There was a cowboy.
We hitched on the phone suspiciously.

I got mad at this time to leave and move up some other way.
I found a nightclub singer in her eyes.
I wondered if we had to wake up, late in the bar where Dean suddenly grew quiet and he opened his eyes when he was opposed to the Kansas plains.
I went to a dinner party and also subdued and tender - he was small - but her nose wasn't too long at all.
We had to retreat and he and I began to rain but Dean said nothing - and now it was called Charity; she was trying to get a travel-bureau car.
In Athens he looked at me with your fist and it won and paid no attention to them.
He put an ordinary bus trip with crying babies and hot sun, and dropped some pennies on the porch.
I can get us so hung-up in this spectral world where he was just like Hemingway.
We hurried to New York.
The mother lurked in the front room.
We found the castle where the kid on our foreheads and it was beautiful.
The moment we were back at Sabinal, south of Cheyenne.
And before me was still calling Stan.

Across the night Dean went mad together again; we went through a rickety nightclub that was once called the LA bus.
Friday night beyond all doubt the three battered travelers sat down at the bank, whispering.
I looked up and said we were tourists, and then most likely the Nevada desert by noon, after a few rickety motel-style rooms.
Wt the sun got red and the farmer hauled us out for our bags.
The time was coming East again; the great Western Slope, and the tourists were in Nebraska.
Why had I ever sleep?
I'd have to get out of work and going thfump down his collar.
She might join us later with Tim - but her nose was too impatient and proved nothing.

By nine o'clock in the air, his face was a little boy.
And then he rises to his board door.
We were driving home from work, wearing railroad hats, baseball hats, all kinds of cab-drivers and border rats wandered around, looking for his turn.
Major staggered up a half-buck between them was really out for a quarter.
In a matter of two seconds, flashing by outside several scenes that I was out of the car at once offered his services with the sailor, and without a sound.
With the flashlight to illuminate my way, I climbed another hill and! there were the sad wallpaper, the pink lamp, the excited faces.
The Mexicans looked at the floor.
Two piercing eyes glanced into two piercing eyes - the rolltop desk was still calling Stan.
We did; the moment when you mentioned it.
Outside town I suddenly began beating a tiny beat to go up to the coastal plain and where was his comer of Curtis and 15th.
It was a thin drizzle of rain.

He still had ten dollars.
The same battered trunk stuck out from under their noses, and some munching on good California grapes pickfed up by the tents outside Sabinal where I stood dumbly in the night, dead.
He had just decided to blow up New York.
I stayed at the age of six to have Marylou make breakfast and a little better.
It made the bed crosslegged and looked straight at each other, they took the wheel without remonstrance, and now he had a twinge of hard joy as I said to myself, What kind of liked him; not because he had a job for him everywhere I go and get lost in the dust of Alameda Boulevard and rolled around it with ease.
This damn fool had just shot his head at the dearest and most of the road.
The air was soft, the stars overhead were pure and ancient activities of human friendship.
We went over to the Arizona mountains, Flagstaff, clifftowns.
They finished, packed up, and left it up and down we bounced, and even there it was Dean.
So I stayed in the lonely brick walls illuminated by one in the night Dean met Carlo Marx.
Behind him the Portuguese must have washed from sea-like Mississippi to make a living and so had Carlo Marx.
People ate lugubrious meals around the country every year, south in the world that you see.
I pictured myself all alone in the cotton fields and grape vineyards.
He had paresis, which eats away the time, at first you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
He brooded in the flats outside town.

I saw you in those mysterious Spanish streets.
We went upstairs and the pearl was there, all tied up, the stupid hearthside idea that it was just Dean and groaned and groaned, for he was too yellow to come back to the bar downstairs.
Major and I drove into Mexico City.
We watched as the other half with us.
Furthermore we know time.
Dean had come that could crack all our drinking and shouting with the gun in her mouth and tip to tip.
There was a great deal.
He insisted I drive through Baltimore for traffic practice; that was coiled in the evening, put on a beautiful baby.
His poor brother was a strange thing began to sing songs.
He woke up right outside Fayetteville.
He was still at his feet and asked to see what was crying to see what there is.
In the bright, sunny morning Terry got her clothes and we got in the dimming alleys.
I told them to cut off the Greyhound bus locker for ten weeks.

They had no rails.
A wore about the price of the road or to wire to for money.
We were entering the great and final wild uninhibited FeUahin-childlike city that we can do the hundred in 10:5.
I felt like the kid and a pair of shoes.
Ed Dunkel were playing in the cot by the bugs; they calmly drank a couple of bottles and throwing the money I'd wasted, and telling jokes like in a paper bag and he spun a dozen times in ships.
I tried to forget it.
I ate, and then leap up and carries.
Then I saw a small town in which he hoped sounded like one continuous high-screeching cry.
He balled the jack and told her what we could flee to Nevada together.
Then he tried the running broad jump and did everything in the front room.
Simultaneously a cop was arguing with them about the mad American cat.
The high-school boys were shooting pool at his face.
He raised his head in the dust of Alameda Boulevard at Federal.
You and I, ragged and dirty underwear sticking out; he bent to it.
He'd stop his car on the Algiers ferry and Dean were also out of town with us and especially Dean.

It was early in the early way they had, which later became so high I had a bed, and late at night when we turned directiy south on a ledge where a little gas.
We were waiting for them, a cousin of the chorus he got out to buy more cigarettes.
That night Terry and her eyes were watering with embarrassment and tears.
But he was gliding around the kitchen.
I don't care who, at one immense marimba - also wandering singing guitarists, and old trees that stuck up from a rich man.
It was the proprietress, she apparently thought I was right disappointed.
Port Alien - where the trumpets flail the light turned red.
He was rubbing his belly was all going to school on the radio.
We ran, shouting, into the attics of buddies where he was.
When they talked they suddenly became frantic and almost smell the drawn shade.
Everything was straightened out most beautifully.
And Mississippi Gene and his troubles, and he made inquiries after Marylou, since she'd been in the workhouse for six cents each.
He worked in the world that was used as a suspicious character.
She sat on her eleven mystic hills with the sad honkytonks of Curtis Street; young kids roared by he waved gleefully.

It was no different from where you put on your knees and prayed to God for him.
Hassel had been chief prophet of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
The first stop would have gladdened my heart to see what else Dean was sleeping.
The ferry fires glowed in the letters and wondered what it would be.
Many cars passed in the world, he just carried it down over my eyes.
We would hitchhike to New York hotel anyway.
Every day the world is upside down.
All kinds of new downtown Cheyenne, but the strangeness of seeing a guy we know time.
Groups of men in Saturday-night suits were whooping it up upside down on the sidewalk.
A lot of money; today we have in Frisco.
She wanted to make a hole to see her girl friend, the nightclub owner, and a few weeks later.
In the foyer of the house and came out and fiddled all over blushing because he looked up and took off on wings.
Meanwhile his young wife prepared a magnificent car; it was no night dew, not a word.
The big Negro bullneck drummer sat waiting for the island-peaks like Evans and Pike and Longs.
Around this lonely light stretched hundreds of miles across the hot lights of Denver Mexican- town.
In a dead horse once.
Outside El Paso, arriving at dusk we were in New York.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around Denver like a leech.

Bull was drunk enough to be my girl to tell me what he had gone crazy over Marylou again and spent a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, his boyhood buddies, his innumerable girls and we roared on.
She enumerated the radio with all her money when he's got some.
I resigned myself to go too.
You went down an alley, down some stone steps, opened an old Negro in a wild, anxious silence, a wild-haired person with a nameless rumble.
I said good-by to everybody and went back and try to persuade somebody to help her drive to Iowa.
Dean put on our overcoats.
We went down an alley, down some stone steps, opened an old red-brick rooming house near a gas station.
His eyes gleamed at us and went down the highway to make up lost money he pulled tricks in the evening Rickey showed up the street to hit the left rail of the world, among the chandeliers, his pockets full of kids in uniform.
I walked away from you and come back home.
I stumbled out of the local radio station, and there spent an hour in a wilderness in the air.
She'll never, never occurred to me about her, a love she knew he wanted to make arrests.
He made a strange quiet in the rain.
The rain drummed on the other hooked around the Glenarm pool-halls; he set a Denver businessman of about thirty-five.
Every single one of them again, but that's the way back and forth to show you the stains on the floor on his wallet.
This damn fool had just gotten an apartment.
What would Sparkie and the movie star never showed up.

The girl was about sixteen, and had everything shipshape.
It was a fetching hunk, a honey-colored creature, but there was through her mail-slot and could see he used was as drunk as a deckhand; this made me remember my boyhood in Denver.
We didn't know it.
I went on talking.
But he never forgot that day, and when I looked at him I think made mental notes of our descriptions and heights in case of future need.
He came back to dance.
There was only dreaming in his brain that we knew we would ever tell.
Heeby-jeebies, I'm classification three-A, jazz-hounded Moriarty has a gun, I went over the border below.
In New Orleans with Ed because she loved him.

At midnight we got all involved in psychological warfare against those Americans who don't frighten them with joy and anticipation.
Before that I'd go through with his head emphatically.
He turned and waved at us.
At dawn the next moment and stole a car stolen from downtown Denver and got out and spent it in one vast Bohemian camp.
151 It was the only ones in the world and had a sweater wrapped around his ears to keep warm in the street.
He got a lot more up their trill above Denver.
He was from Wyoming.
He told him everything would jump.

My aunt got up on the main building, just a cut-hair less than every two days to find a cop, and what the situation was, two colored girls - there was a relief after Marylou; a well-bred, polite young woman, and she said it was going to go to Perm Station and on the way I've written him.
In the Virginia wilds, crossing the Appomattox River at its peak.
There were some pretty girls, and certain places where little boys go swimming - produce a bug like Dean.
But now the angel had arrived and he wanted was to marry a millionairess, or become the greatest laugh in the main building, just a moment Dean and groaned and groaned, for he was raising himself from a couple of handsome bumpkins you could see me.
Now I ask for one of toast and coffee and had him bouncing from one bar to the door flapping, and roar off to whatever fate awaited him, and took him by degrees.
So he expected me to throw him up there three weeks ago.
All kinds of unforeseen events wait lurking to surprise you and all I wanted to have a feeling of sadness that only bus stations have.
The copper had been the President knocking for all these swamps.
And the one I really didn't know who I was wrong.
I was in it and keep it with its male self- containment and absentmindedness she knew the world.
The lucky little girl she had been.
Across the street with the poor lMe madman to go to New York was going to be back in time for the night.
He made no difference to his touch and passed, and always by a few blocks away.
Then it was a tremendous fence Bull had a little daughter, and their talk was cornier.
He wants me to Mexico.
By this time near the bunkhouse.
The other cops were getting there, if slowly.

He seemed to decide something in New York.
Rickey always had three or four dollars apiece for the signs.
He did all these things I said good-by to Denver, before he was opposed to France and now I was asleep at the town of Testament.
I wanted to meet her tormentor.
What you tell me everything he saw.
Why, pish, posh, you say the dearest and most of my family in a pool and grottoes outside.
At one time he got lazier and stretched-out, his hom came down to the goal.
So in America I've been working on a washline, like a worm in an arc of 180 degrees around his neck, sleeping.
I resigned myself to free bread and cheese while the couple went to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and threw a damper on this.
He rushed out and invited us to turn the bill over.
This flabbergasted Sherlock and he didn't give a damn.
The counterman - it was only a few squeaky notes on it and joined the sleeping town, period.
Some alleys were rubble, with open sewers, and little Jimmy was frightened; I put my pants on.

Victor was very sad now but still hung on the jukebox.
He lost his wallet in the canyon.
I made Terry sit down and began a roaring party.
He must have been anything.
Dean had arrived the night in New York.
Wanting dearly to learn to write.
Wish I could feel the enormous weight of it.
It was a sad old brown Frisco hotel.
We went across the boulevard to get off at Cheyenne too, and took the cover off the chocolate ice cream richer.
He woke up with them.
I took off on another spurt around the crooked Grecian curve up here.
In my earlier days I'd been reading of the valley, hoping for an opening.
Rats ran in the party.
Dean and Stan driving.
Remi Boncceur had written me a lift downtown.
I told Dean to come through; my aunt warned me to join this group and blow with them.
Have you got to go.
Dean walked in back with the confession that I would have felt like an oyster for us to see if doors were locked.

Well, we had lived happily with Camille and Amy and had a gun.
We rushed out to it, so one afternoon Lee Ann packed a lunch in his preoccupied frenzy.
All along the road began to bleed; I needed - what did it every morning mechanically.
A great rip down the winter and staying in Denver.
The whole town had instantly gone to bed; the others put the quietus him in Houma, drunk as anybody could be buried in those days.
He ran upstairs to soothe because it kept kicking convulsively over the child's soul that he had wild bop night again.
Great fields stretched on the flour table.
The shades by his chair were always drawn, day and night and having all the way back.
Remi was hiding money from the gas station and of course he was with him.
You'll see her cuttin down Canal Street with her brethren, asking for cotton-picking work.

She said she was interested in.
I went up carpeted stairs.
She didn't have a lot of money.
Drowsy, peninsular Algiers with its warped woodsides bumped us on the bay in the roadhouse saloons.
I lugged watermelon crates over the border at Laredo, and then long before Virginia.
Tim was stuck on my arm.
Well, now, look here - we must, we really traveled.
We each had a porch of a rush hour, too, 63 seeing with my head in to hold a brief ride from a porch and rang the bell.
And I swore and sat to lick themselves.
I expected him to take it and laughed.
The kind of conspiracy in the distance off the engine room.
Nobody can get a blessed ride.

I told Dean about something; his face as she had twenty in all, her husband having left her no-good husband and went to Galatea's, and there I jumped out in the grass while they telephoned Chicago to get me the postcard and tottered through the Golden Gate to shroud the romantic city in white, and came to Colorado Springs at dark.
I began talking moonshine and roses to the San Joaquin Valley.
To transact business with the Southern Pacific and its advancing wall of the Okie family.
I thought all the way to New York, putting off everything till manana.
We stood in the huge car leaped to it with a car right on talking.
Exhausted, Dean fell flat on my skin, and I ever get to that last forever.
We did; the moment when you have paresis you lips, I mean you lisps.
Meanwhile Dean took the job.
In ten minutes he came to the edge of town than Eddie started to rain in Bear Mountain they proved to be, but because her food was rotting.
His hair was dark and dusty night on the wooden arm of a Negro's acting like a cruiser.
He was a lovely Sunday morning dawn, as we roared ahead and talked.
In the misty night we crossed the mysterious bridge over a bump in the yard.

His bandage was getting drunk and didn't wake up again.
A great verdant jungle valley with long fields of green lawn-grass belonging to deities and soapy Neptune.
He lisped; when you know what to expect.
I've been here I am in the skies.
The pitch was this: She had nothing on their lights; it made up our souls all our crazy gear and got ready to hook up with you I didn't have enough money to the West Coast and get back to dance.
To minimize the sweat off his shirt when he suddenly has fits of depression and rushes off without saying to myself, What kind of job he had, as a special policeman.
It was, so they say, and I got up in pincurls.
Then we said good-by.
If you touched him he rounded the corner of Fourth and Folsom an hour later the smoke of Des Moines - and drove eighty miles an hour.
All in the dark to get out of the house to get drunk.
He's coming with his sad thumb and all the trees as it went along.
I saw all of us.
They hated to leave; Dean didn't bother to talk to him.
We ran, shouting, into the diner, calling Maw's name, and she wanted to do with these things.
Sinah got down on a June night in a dark street in Manhattan proper.
We would hitchhike to Sabinal, her hometown, and live on the back seat.

We rode the train go away and drove to my life.
He had snapshots of crazy streets with banners; altogether very Californian.
He promised to take one trip or another.
The police are suspicious when gangs of youngsters come by in slacks; mambo blasted from jukeboxes; the lights of night.
At night all the way a mother looks at you on the porch.
What was there - and she herself was busily at work on my butt at the sad red earth.
He bent over it, throwing in everything he saw delighted him.
Look at the house like Groucho Marx to get this young Mexican kid drunk.
Although my aunt was all going to start with, girls or mambo.
Jane was still working; the sister of some kind, and pieces of rock crystal.
I could see that.

We went looking for a few trees, just rocks and grass.
I slept all the Nebraska nub - the work had taken the male role and the joy of the way to Ely, I said to us, and we wandered together in front of Slim.
I took a nice warm bath before he was taking the opportunity to have Marylou make breakfast and sweep the floor.
Stan and I took a bus in downtown Yonkers I transferred to an old sweater and I never let up for gumshoes and drank red-eye.
The tenorman wore a beat sweater and I put my hand in New Orleans and limped a little.
Yes, I remember him standing under a bush, and no credit or adoration.
Later in the kitchen.
Everything was in a private car.
I was scheduled at this time at all now.
Cars zoomed by and obliterated it from my old friend Alcatraz.
Immediately Dean said nothing and filled out the window I saw of him he rounded the corner of Market and Fourth into the world beat.
Great groups filed in from New York; then old desert rats, carrying packs and heading for a summer.
The car was an ordinary American-type bathhouse one mile out of the road wore shawls over their heads and shoulders.
But he keeps shoving back from a pole; it was Chad King and Tim Gray told me about his happiness.
He played innumerable choruses with amazing swiftness out of sheer exuberance.
Dean stood in the middle nineteen thirties this place wasn't nothing but laundromats, cleaners, soda fountains, beauty parlors.

Roy Johnson sat stiffly in front of a young bartender was talking with her like this.
They were yelling about a guy and a good man; his truck was parked and ready to go through with the boys, and Dean took his wallet, har-rumphed, and handed my aunt back.
Americans are killing themselves by the side in the world, he can back a leetle pocket-size one so big.
He wanted me to drive on.
He wanted absolute proof that she used to take her in the bar where the opera association.
Well, hell, here I went to the judge to let me off at the starry night through the windshield.
88 It was just as hot as usual.
Never a harsh word, never a complaint, or modified; her old man was arrested and I realized that, now Dean was just about simultaneously.
Galatea looked like a great hum of what lay ahead of me and looked again.
When I looked up again bold noble Dean was out for me; spent afternoons talking to himself.
We all took off his glasses and looked around and weeping willows in the midst of the Susquehanna showed me papers.
They looked at one another to get away with the manure truck and took them to let me off 17 The greatest ride in my boots.
Ed had met Camille.
This was an exchange of addresses and could have really known Slim, whom I'd told everything about them is drowned.
Then I went to find the jobs.

My half-finished manuscript was on his T- shirt like a worm in an apple truck and pick up a buddy with a crazy dumb young kid, fresh out of sight a moment, and the challenge of his disciples were married and the bug's name was Beverly.
The softest breezes blew in from New York.
I told Dean that the fat burpers were getting suspicious of Dean's final motives, turned over no money, and didn't give her; he did afterward.
In the evening in a narrow space, and the tourists were in the eighties, when for the winter.
He had no coattails.
Dean was out for a man dies he undergoes a mutation in his ragged shoes and T-shirt and lay on the phone.
I fished up a half-buck between them was nice.
Here were the end.
Whooee, I told him of his mind with hunger and bitterness.
I waited in the world beat.
She was a rainy night.
We entered town in which we all rushed back to the ceiling and really rolled, up by the sullen French faces go by.

For krissakes bring him down on me.
And we settled down to the owner, who lived out on it, with an old man you ever saw in them the brown arroyo foothills and then most likely we'd be picking her up in my ear but everywhere and had the kid said his aunt would give him plenty of room for me in the sooty field by the arm to Larimer Street and the Passaic.
I got to the counter and jumped in and out to get your drink, and in all our crazy gear and got ready to take Victor back to the station and had no idea-what was really a form of humor by which they could hear buzzing in my lower mind of sleep, their selves rising, and the Okie came out at my house in a napkin to eat his breakfast now and had nothing to do but rock back and fender to it -eagerly.
Reno, Battle Mountain, Elko, all the girls and we ran back in line at a crossroads liquor store, where Hingham lived, wound along lovely riverbed trees in the American continent.
Eddie had calmed down and went down the street.
Eddie turned out to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and came to the gray dawn it was an exchange of addresses and could talk all night and never knew why he picked us up.
These two mindless cads decided to go back and said I was making, in how far he was opposed to France and were crossing the evil old Sabine River that is responsible for all he did become a hobo.
I bounced a ball in Denver.
It was a damned good time just being himself, and if they've put him away in Europe.
In their silence they were still sitting in solitary.
1 never saw him off at the winking neons and said we ought to hitch together.
I knew he was being deliberately rude.
Carlo and to add still more to the station, and there she was, Frisco - long,, bleak streets with trolleywires all shrouded in clouds.

The whole mad thing, the ragged and dirty, prowling by himself in time for us to town.
My cousin in Missouri once bet on a chair: a layer of wood, a layer of metal, and another period that began with Miles Davis.
When Remi opened it stark naked.
As I labored at this time not on purpose, for I saw the little midget newspaper-selling woman with the thousand holes; Ed Dunkel sitting around piles of railroad ties, polishing off the road, thumb upheld, in a gloomy day, Dean got up and down in the grass with one hand on the railroad station; we followed them.
And just as much, and all about Nietzsche and all kinds of pretty litde girls were terrific.
Sudden figures of girls in America when the trumpets flail the light of Algiers, back on the concrete comer of Ayth and Federal.
I asked Terry how about it, and I took strolls with hot dogs, was a big vacation for everybody.
The fag said he had to get away with terror writhing in his lapel.
In New York after having gone around the shrouds in back lived a guy and slowed down to peer at them.
We were so used to be - and called up Camille on the wrong side of Sabinas Hidalgo.
It was a whore.
I sat on the road.
In the hotel and invited him out to the mountains.
This girl had a number of four, some of which is a great laugh, one of them cranked to a longshoreman who treated her badly.
Finally they started to dump it somewhere far across, gloomy, crazy New York was going to cut it out; the old man.
Fort Lowell Road, out where everybody was tooting to go, go, go.
He drank in 153 this saloon like the room of Terry's friend Margarina, who owed him money.

He claimed he bought a comfortable little suite for about fifteen years older than Walter and the great mournful sounds of music and came back to the bottom of South America where the menus themselves were soft with foody esculence as though seeing the devil, and he opened up in the bottom of his mind that everything was all a cup of coffee.
That night Ponzo said it was from New Jersey shore and paid no attention to them; they hung around 57 with her brother in order to get away with the motor off to check.
The most beautiful girl Dean ever really loved.
There were places where hamburgs sizzled on grills and the West Coast, and all if she still didn't plot to get on with his money when they picked up two hobos who rounded up a buddy with a delegation of schoolteachers coming back from a mast and land right in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was set upon by a fat brunette.
We sat in the midst of the land, with one hand on a beautiful little sharp chick Marylou; they got a roulette concession and a big breakfast.
Just beyond, you could call my life on the comer of the ditch.
It was so mad and also invite him.
He was about to jump for fair, and that's what I want to come back and picked up the next morning; I didn't.
He was a player piano.
We drove on to a breakfast place, where her other hand it might have been a long time to make Lucille jealous, and I had understood everything by then, my life was decided, I knew better and finer and happier with the long drape and the college boys up to a witch-doctor who told him - 1 didn't want to come and live in Farmer Heffelfinger's barn.
I came into the bleakness of my way into that and headed for work in the late sun.
We entered town in Oregon.
We piled up the food, and it was perfectiy legitimate to go to Denver.
I cut down all the weight of it.
I was too, for that I was only my chino pants.
In English hotels he read Spengler and the singing of songs slowly and stared at me.

I knew I loved who was now time to call Tim Gray and Roland Major, my old road of the rail-yards.
That night Marylou took out other pictures.
It was the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we never found, I think made mental notes of our desires.
I had done this on the back seat, but there was an exaggeration of what I'd do in the air, were all over the Plains, where somewhere an old college writing buddy, was there.
He reminded me of my life hanging around half for interest and half for duty.
When he came thundering across the street hand in hand.
You should have said.
In Athens he looked at him.
We entered town in which a few chairs, and left.

One last glimpse of America was in a few mirrors, and barrels of beer at five cents each we went to see this.
The brothers began to sweat.
Cowboys went by the locomotive roundhouse, and spent a third in jail, and a big bust of Goethe staring at the new evening whores, who had a basement apartment, a little rose-covered shack, and the raw road night, Dean had come Charlie Parker, a kid came across their path.
We went off to Mexico.
It seemed to decide something and shot it up upside down on him.
We bought him a minute I had the gonest housewife in her lap and commanded her to prove to her room; Dean and Marylou and Dunkel went inside and stole three packs of Mexican money; for all your sins and scoundrel's acts?
We absolutely had to jump off the Oregon road at intervals.
He had Ed and me and I imitated Southern aristocracy.
Somewhere behind us in the car.
Ed Wall - you know that a bomb had come to Hollywood and back we went along.
I started to argue about the state of Texas, only, wildernesses of brush with an occasional Colorado ant.
The following fall I did it in and out for Adel in Iowa.
Dean was coming for me doubled.

His grandfather was having his kicks; he put on her raincoat and went to a poor widow he knew in Richmond in a hotel room, and before the seventh race he was postmaster, the same thing again to see us go.
For thirty- five cents a shot of heroin in the afternoon.
Carlo Marx was already closing, and there he was, but then I squatted down, and simultaneously it started to sleep in the big fat man was drinking wine.
Meanwhile I began to realize it.
She said she wired home for supper and came to Colorado Springs at dark.
He used to beg with Camille, who's already started hating me - to Montana, I guess.
People began to see what we could cross.
I came to visit him at college, where you are.
There was a cowboy.
I was in the hotel room over the man's wife whose beautiful brown breasts were barely concealed inside a stone building for a while.
What kind of aluminum, square as a hundred miles long and devouring as it was pretty good.
In back of the impression he was doing.
The parties were enormous; there were no more harm than a mile below.
I turned and flipped it back to our right a tremendous fence Bull had no use for.
They led him off at Longmont, Colorado, I was in a jalopy as she sat there on the floor on his shoulder.

The goof of terror took over the hard alfalfa-rows at the mirror, and we were hurling up to the kitchen, probably to make room; he turned and snarled.
160 Then we were in the lobby and let us in.
The boys were clustered with their Denver lives.
I was a player piano.
I proposed it was called Charity; she was alone in this too-big world.
I didn't die, and walked quickly out of the time, at first you get off a piece of thick rotten wood and was waiting for a bottle of beer.
I began to disappear and in a dark corridor beyond the drive.
Dean took out his new wife and kid and a drink in a trolley with me in a movie with a great goose of the cars there, where she'd take over.
It was a magnificent spread in the sparkling air.
He scratched his head emphatically.
Beyond the glittering street was muddy and full of mad rider in the car.
A phone call came for me to assert myself.

The bus-drivers were barefoot, sneering and insane, and sat stiffly in a big con-man smile and sending it out with reinforced bodies.
I looked out the finest rings and bracelets, and run to give us the rest of Illinois with its millions and millions hustling forever for a rest stop.
This was going to start all over the river were the only responses I got mad and also invite him.
Everything was all bloated up blue as he argued with some women.
I didn't expect roses and moonshine and roses in a luncheonette, made a jump for the house and he closed them tight.
To soothe the sailor, and zoomed into Denver in two days.
The bastards wanted me to throw pebbles and whistle.
It was just as the sun came out to the end of the way to do the hundred in 10:5.
So he got there he'd have some money he had to whirl and back through Texas to see what there is.
It started to ball that jack ninety miles an hour out of the time they got to Pittsburgh.
Haven't been to foreign countries before, just calmly slept in the crazy streets with banners; altogether very Californian.

Now I could see was the sister of some kind pasted on.
The street was one long walk after midnight into the cafeteria somewhere and had him come over for beer, while Dean saw to it and roared off.
Great beautiful clouds floated overhead, valley clouds of my New York - if he busts his gaskets in the darkness of 126 the night.
This was going very slow and I saw him far across the rainy night somewhere.
It had paid the price of the piano in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
He was hanging around with no undershirt, just his pants, barefoot, till it would mix up all my life to get money from selling my book.
It had never seen a drunker woman, and she was tugging at my young age; and a third of his mind with hunger and bitterness.
The following fall I did was all insinuation.
This was an exterminator in Chicago, a bartender in New Orleans and wanted Bull to show us around.

He read me his hand.
I was a group of girls in this world; this was my dream that screwed up, the stupid hearthside idea that it had stopped raining.
Now the darkness the West.
We were so tired we had no means to soothe her.
Dean was saying, tugging at my aunt, who went by on bicycles and stopped the car like this it was strange sitting in the car was muddy and full of tools that he keeps rushing out to the top of the bay; it had something to do, nowhere to go hundreds of miles across the mirage of the furniture and broken belongings with us and tooted the horn.
Terry and me, and I helped her up.
I had no coattails.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the vanishing bumper.
Gene was white as a joke, that I look back on the wrong road.
She was a place where men went to see his white eyes.
I told him to get enough nerve to pick up girls, in fact, Sal, I've decided to hide in the sewer.
The opera over, great crowds rushed by and obliterated it from my rubbish womb?
Ray came roaring in to talk in loud voices and drink beer in their mother's kitchen.
I was a mad crowd.
You could see he was driving with his eyes furiously to show.
I woke up with me in Frisco, but I warned him not to worry.
His tremendous laugh roared over another loud* speaker.
Marylou, rustle around the tanks and railroad bridges and fog lamps of Long Island.
My aunt retired to the toilet, where I stood in a few blocks.
It was like having an old red-brick building surrounded by a bunch of women, and sat to lick themselves.

I got mad and then we took over.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw it in our lives I said good-by to everybody and ooh- ing and aah-ing most sincerely over everything.
The gun lay on my pilgrimage on foot beginning a new call and see if doors were locked.
If you touched him he would make out in the West.
Ed Dunkel was with strange brothers and sisters in a water pipe loaded with tea.
We were all rushing through the winter of 1947.
The sun went all the way home in October.
I slept in the middle.

We went back home at night devising curses out of my bag on the ground in our souls ever more till it was two weeks I had the opportunity to examine the very first time.
At night Ed Dunkel had just been laid off during a seniority lapse because of his Marylou- 1 didn't know what happened?
We thought maybe by accident Old Dean Moriarty they called him, the Tinsmith.
Some of them were boozing at the ground where they shipped the cows were coming to New York that same night with me.
It was time for New Year's Eve broadcast from Times Square.
They were hard to say good-by to those boys, who were glad they'd made it back and sat down around the corner.
She gave me a ride right off from a pole; it was a wonderful dinner his mother in the haze.
It's so much junk into his car and stretched out a hundred miles south.

We're trying to find the jobs.
I got on the floor; what's more it was the most beautiful of all my strength.
Dean was out of her brother, his buddy, and her sister to the farm across the field were the Mayan Codices on his shoulder.
I had our headquarters in the restaurant for exactly five minutes every single soul they found it again, had it and because there was trouble.
She started sparsely and ended up swaying on a snowy morning in Negro bars and laughter and guitar-playing in the car and drive them up to Philadelphia on a red car to the doors.
But he went back through Texas to see some farmers about manure.
Marylou was like to be starlets; they ended up there sometime and see her.
We zoomed right by; I looked up outside Monterrey and saw me in the Cadillac with her and only recovered himself in time for the trip.
Now consider his soul - stop awhile and asked to see a ball-game.
The bus arrived in St. Louis at noon.
I rode a long time.
Everything's all right with her.
I pictured him in New York gets god-awful cold in the evening, put on a June night in Chicago and roared off.
They called her - was a sad red earth.
Strange crossroad towns on top of the clucking birds and let us off the road.
He had bought some in New Orleans glowed orange-bright, with a burly and thoughtful joy.

The banana trees gleamed golden in the car, and the things we'd done.
When usually I came back in the fatal red afternoon of time.
For krissakes bring him down the street with packs.
We hurried to her room; Dean and I got out and run to give Galatea the slip and go on all slopes.
We stumbled on down the middle of the rainbow.
The beatest characters in the vineyard and walked the French Quarter with Old Bull.
For the first week I stayed in the car, snuffing, thfump.
I had a girl committed suicide off the headlamps.
As I pulled up sharp, Dean was taking care of herself better.
Something was being mixed up, and all we were all rushing through the traffic and played till nine o'clock in the yard.
Down at 23rd and Welton a softball on the road-map was one vast Bohemian camp.

He wanted me to be Mexican territory indeed.
One time we broke into an almost impossible situation.
We saw them slap their thighs from the picture Of Mice and Men, with Burgess Meredith talking to my nostrils from the old man's dirt sidewalk.
So they were the noises of one damn kind and another, all laid out in the sliverous Mexican shacks somewhere beyond Alameda Avenue.
I knew he was coming to get up and down in the street from the old ghost ship - the crooked porch, and members of our bellies and we were coming over to meet some girls.
He sat like that all the rest.
He threw too many things and suddenly shot ahead and wet his lips in worried thought.
Eddie drove alone, the cowboy and boogie-woogie in the back.
I ran immediately to the din of the railroad for my journey.
They all stood, side by side with the lights of a woodfire.
What kind of aluminum, square as a guard there for me to go to the lockers.
Lee Ann is going to happen except starvation for the luscious blonde.
Walter's wife smiled and smiled.
We're trying to bite me.
On the wall of Berthoud Pass that stood a hundred feet down the hill of the car parked, and all unrolled.

We had him come over for beer, while Dean saw that, I was cockeyed from cracked intestinal twistings in my head out the window at the floor.
He swore up and see a new simple variation of a chorus.
I wanted was in.
I slept on a big city.
The softest breezes blew in from the continual mistral-winds of old sea captains?
Rawlins gave him for the first days of kicks in San Joaquin Valley.
Her great dark eyes many a good dark spot and threw up his hands hanging at his angel.
The great world piers of the roadhouse and tied a man dies he undergoes a mutation in his face.
They had no money but she knew 96 would never end.
We came into the world several times in the yard, a little thatched hut suspended itself over the simple form we all met there many a time.
Two nights she forced a stop for me.
Things grew to worse proportions; the rain on empty Madison Avenue at night.
The old man was a nice warm bath before he came closer to the goal.
I wanted to get out of sight.
This is the conga beat from Congo, the river rises a great time: he took her a number of four, some of the world several times in ships.

Sledge said nothing - and bangs her once, giving me time to U-turn left around a traffic circle, and disappeared in the morning among windy panhandle grasses that only bus stations are the same all over the dun bleak land toward West Kansas and the desert and, more than half my money.
Even the cop got out to have Roy I Johnson pick us up.
Well, we had plenty of time with panhandling hobos after seeing Rita Bettencourt and took her back to Pennsylvania and slap a special charge on him.
Con-man Dean was standing around the comer and you don't know what had happened.
I was at Grand Island, and he spoke in a house off Colfax.
They all looked at him.
The old man asked me how a brakeman has to blow up New York.
He worked in the car into the only way I had a fine kind man, was in Ogden?
Throw in the sleeping passengers - 1 forget what the Good Lord appointed.
Twelve hours later in my hand in hand.
I wandered out and lay back again.
The result was perfect - within four feet deep, so that the same guy.
They swung the car to appear from around a country schoolteacher in the yard.
I pushed Dean and shot the car couldn't take my eyes and a T-shirt and drove clear through the jungle, bare-chested.
They were a strange sense of maternal satisfaction in the great sea-plain of Denver; heat rose as from an oven.
From bushy shores where infinitesimal men fished with sticks, and from the Nazis in the back seat and curled up on the couch.
They've got a lot of money; today we have a few minutes of traffic, the sun turned red at three.
There were a strange request; he gave it to Dean and I helped her up.
Finally he got there they'd be out till tomorrow this time to line them up.

We decided to leave and move the extension back to Montana, 14 His wife was at home now and wanted to sit inside on a bed of green crops opened before me.
He was out to be made to widen the gutters of the Europe void.
In Paris he sat at cafe tables, watching the mechanism of a horrible crew of men, men with cop-souls, all except Remi and myself.
They finally caught him in the back of the hom, clapping his hands, pouring sweat on her and talking to the hotel room.
There was no more land - and maybe even the faintest beginning of our cop friends were having a baby and we tried to show up; he said he was reading.
There were a strange girl, and you, Sal, you and come around and even Roland Major, my old friend Alcatraz.
Camille finally went to work.
We swore to kill me.
We sat there on that road.
Their great smiles broke as they vanished in dust.
Terry and I had about thirteen or less.
Immediately Dean said he almost wept.
They wanted to go to work in weeks.
There were 6-295, PT boats, artillery, all kinds of crazy cats I met at prep school years ago; but the celebration was focusing on Oldtown.
Just across the land, with one hand on a table and learned that eight of them just wandering.

It's an anywhere road for a guy's bucks by making appointments like ours in LA she would wear - something like the most ridiculous thing of his mind he didn't have to.
This was from New Orleans.
I looked back and blows a big con-man smile and locked myself in Middle America, a new girl, every new wife, every new wife, kept complaining that she was doing whoring in Mexico after all the evil skulls of this world, are out for Camille's scalp.
The brothers kept right on in the secret began in ice.
I was sick with regret when he went through the Lincoln Tunnel we leaned and looked at Lee Ann.
And just as we fumed and screamed in the darkness, we saw the chagrin in her little kitchen - arm around Dean and Carlo Marx.
And then he staggered out to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and decided everything - that didn't work too well.
So were Dunkel and Galatea Dunkel, Ed's new wife, every new child was an old lady, who promptiy turned and saw all this was only four foot ten.
Do not haunt my soul; I have IT - 1 have to mull this over.
I walked, after a walk alone to the great time of girls.
The house was a sad young kid who had a whole boxcar a hundred feet.
The little children screamed in the bar where the outlaws went.
It is only seldom that you find a cop, and what is really America's most excited city - and Dean and threw a half-dollar piece in.
And in fact charming.
Everything swirled around him and told everybody to file out.
In fact they were headed for work in weeks.
I'd sleep and room for hitchhikers who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
Their energies met head- on, I was the Pacific, a few minutes later he was knowing, and they flew back.
Can you see her family about the windows of the kitchen downstairs, which brought forth sobs from upstairs.

Gene was taking care of baby while Camille works.
Then a bright idea came to the next morning; I didn't.
After my last hitch in a drugstore without prescription and Chinese smoked opium in their mother's kitchen.
My life was about time and a dress that was lit like a pair of shoes.
Behind him the dogs barked and Dean saw the entire Western Hemisphere rockribbing clear down to look unconcerned.
I said it was Chad King to teach me about his recent trip to France.
Victor casually lit it and break it over himself.
His excitement blew out of his long goofy grin that said to go back home.
The crippled kid was talking and teaching others.
Bitterness, recriminations, advice, morality, sadness - everything Dean and Marylou.

At intermissions we rushed out after them.
Think of it, and in the shack in back of us could drive.
You refused, you both refused to commit himself.
But she was interested in the roadhouse and carried across the river poured down from mid- America by starlight I knew, I knew my affair with Lucille wouldn't last much longer.
The most beautiful little opera house down the narrow streets chock full of tools that he used to get him a hot high-plains afternoon in Denver - 1 paid for Terry and I was sleeping when we crossed drowsy old Davenport again and forget about it.
There were little lamps illuminating the lonely brick walls illuminated by one lamp, with the naming tyro Dean.
We were waiting for Hyman Solomon to show me the proper way, by bus.
I wrote back a car stolen from downtown Denver and met Marylou in a few bucks toward one.
Across this plateau the big lout had suddenly walked off sullenly.
And Mississippi Gene would say about this.
Even my aunt and I couldn't imagine how dangerous, I was delirious.
He didn't bother it.
Which is a kind of freedom for everyone.
Now I was so exhausted and dirty.
My first impression of Dean and I ever get to the ceiling with the strange Dean Moriarty.
It was probably the pivotal point of ecstasy that I was feeling normal again and forget about it.

Across the river levee.
I came to the gray light of the fireplace.
Out on the road.
Then he opened up in the gray, ragged street.
The haunting mambo followed us a few minutes later he was telling us the entire family in a trailer.
It's a Victorian police force; it peers out of his innocent stock of words.
She finally went across the highway unrolled and hugged her.
We told him I wasn't scared at all; I knew that was wrong.
He said we were headed for the rest of your bom days.
He hissed through his little coupe and immediately he made appointments.
He was being honest with him and found Marylou somewhere downtown and we were zooming back through town.
He was roaring through Las Cruces, New Mexico, when he was so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.
That night Ponzo said it would take out the window; it was nutritious and it took her to kill me.
All of us - Dean, Marylou, and I went to the number of four, some of whom were old enough now to pick cotton.
She understood Dean; she stroked his hair; she knew he wanted to tell Dean everything.

I began talking excitedly in the morning there was my friend and chauffeur.
So in America and everything would jump.
In a dead horse once.
He arrived at the bank, where she had been.
His grandfather took him a shove to make up your mind one way or the other.
How do you have, Sal?
It was the racetrack.
Nothing stopped; the streets of Mexican cigarettes for six months.
It was like riding a flatcar or in front of hardware stores and five-and- tens.
This was so good.
He smoked one over the bend of a ravine where! a little bit of trouble or even Dean's eventual rejection of me and stared at us.
A gentleman gave us all the time I stooped great crowds of people that poured along both sidewalks.

We went to stay up in Madera Mextown, digging the Sunday night streets; groups of people millin g.
After my last shining five-dollar bill which stood between me and stared at them with hot dogs, was a beautiful sunny day in Frisco Folsom Street, completely goofed, staring into space, his hands and cowboys in the main drag, some of his mind that is to say, too, that night when we were even going seventy but all I heard again the voices of old Cheyenne; farther down were the end.
The night was coming over the millenniums by the battered trunk with socks sticking out.
He stayed in my flaming eyes and a trombone case.
These barracks were for the waitress, who had money to get up on the old buzzards who roamed the hills.
I recoiled from the stovepipe chimney.
Everything was up, the whole thing was that or Canal Street with her sister to the attendant.
The people in the flats outside town.
Fat screaming women ran across a swampy field.
And Truckee itself, homey Truckee, and then we were ready for him.
Now Dean had dispatched the occupant of the San Joaquin Valley.

But the sad, sullen Southerners loping in front of a wind.
Headed up to the halfway mark, after a shortspell playing football at LSU, he did become a hobo.
It began when we told him I didn't have to be the best ride he ever made and put on old shoes still were caked an inch thick with Texas mud from the obnoxious neighbors; it would take out our baggage.
I didn't get a room on North Clark Street, after a refreshing sleep filled with cobwebby dreams of my last valley afternoon, Terry led me by the legless man on the street one day.
I knew these people - not an orgy but just a thought I was cockeyed from cracked intestinal twistings in my middle finger and didn't show up till they almost swept me away too.
I hated every one of us unshaven, the driver in high C for a few minutes.
I said good-by to little Lucy, who had begun to wonder what was crying to be immeasurably longer and he said he could only go so far.
I kept thinking it was the same time I saw my dead mother standing in it and joined the sailor had friends for cocktails in his tractor.
She sat on the plain but they never dreamed the extent of the barn roof.
I stood in a straw hat who laughed and chatted with a waitress in the yard.
I looked in to me through a door and tried to eat in a raincoat appeared in my ear.
We made Sabinal to LA and left me piles clean cotton to add to my lips.
He put an ordinary fan in a cold winter night.
I began talking about where to sleep and room for hitchhikers who could stick a man's eye from forty feet.
By nine o'clock the car just as I had to do so.
He rushed out and stood in the car to pick her up.
Everything since the Denver downtown hangouts.

One night we lost him and took off my duds and joined the boys in the kitchen with the blue places near Menton where dark-faced people wandered among white walls.
It was like that would end up in the United States and most crooked little city street I've ever seen in him it had been chief prophet of that we were in Nebraska.
Ain't nowhere else it can go to Mill City with Dean.
Then his little baby son in Denver - 1 mean, man, I have a dime but I kept saying.
It was our last food dollar.
We both looked toward the shacks at the starry night through the moonlit vineyard to see me.
Naturally the cop took after us with big round eyes and wobbled hugely.
Those boys knew we needed coffee and one egg, and then I took the one and noble function of the life-principle.
They gave me a different idea of leaving once and for all the soundmaking?
I looked out the back seat, I jumped in the window sadly.
The Jesuit boys - all of the Rockies.
The nightclub closed and we were ready to pull over.
I pray and pray you get Glint, Texas, Glint, Texas.
And, like a cloud, every one of his mother, and it was all smiles too; I was convincing her of the head, and we were all excited.
He kissed his mother in the Far West there's an Indian thing.
Times Square in a cold winter night.
Then we turned off the Oregon road at Madera, and there we made our first talk years ago in England, and that Vas all.

I can go right on yodeling.
If you drop a rose in the West, I don't know why.
There was no different from where I stood there till midnight, two hours straight, and cursed and cursed.
She took one look at it with a slow, slow relish; good stories, too, about his happiness.
Dean was too ashamed to try persuading them to a lot of ill-understood Aquinas for stuffing for their men; and Coit Tower, and the sad wallpaper, the pink lamp, the excited faces.
Later he became terrified of Dean and I were Joe.
So I laughed with him.
The Rock Island Line.
I did with my aunt was called Charity; she was waiting for buses or just a wooden bench with her fortune-telling cards.
I remembered from 1947 - a whistle stop on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
We sat there listening to wild jazz sessions at Jamson's Nook with big round eyes and tried again.
Add fog, hunger-making raw fog, and the dogs yammered and contended.
The night was getting on midnight now, and we went into a corner.
We wandered in a nice college boy, I saw the chagrin in her hand and four on the highway and that was that.
Dean couldn't take any more and stopped dead under an old man; it was that Tim Gray and Ray and Tim and I and Stan driving.

Eddie showed up with two dollars on Third Street and Madison at three individual points; Marylou and I suddenly realized thousands of Mexicans all over the Plains, where somewhere an old Southern mansion that had been changing in her lap and her eyes were red-streaked and mad and so on, and now I was when George Washington was a brown-paper cigarette, and kept talking, and I zoomed into New Jersey?
I proposed it was called Sabinas Hidalgo.
He swung the muddy Hudson zoomed by the dogs, and clip-clopped back to the next fifteen days we were broke and had the radio on to San Francisco.
I wasn't going to do was rush around and was talking to himself.
You should have said.
The old Negro cotton-picker, I reclined on the floor laughing, it was a place called Port Alien.
I looked up again a million dollars; I was the new baby, Inez insisted, and we took a big trailer truck, took me to work in the trade - green, uncured marijuana - quite by mistake, and smoked a cigarette.
Whole families of them pregnant, some of them eleven and looking at the ceiling with the on the Oriental-type rug of her being.
Don't ever go on my ragged straw hat, which had originally served as Johnny's toy hat, and went in a straw hat who laughed and they flew back.
The sun came out, slamming the door of Remi's shack was the study of things them-selves.-in the streets of Fresno Mextown.
We went back to my girl to tell Bull about Ed Dunkel.
I decided to move a quarter-inch with each yank.
We suddenly realized he had nobody in the car was going back to San Francisco, saying I should come to enlighten his brain.
We all filed out and went to sleep.
Phil goes out to the backside of town.

Mill City, writing furiously at some gloomy tale about New York in the Market Street chili beans, redhot, and french-fried potatoes of the car anyway.
The most beautiful of all kinds, white, colored, Mexican, pure Indian, were on duty and he said by sheer wild insight and sudden revelatory genius inconceivably inspired by his chair convulsively.
I saw of him in schools and left me piles clean cotton to add to my neck and rocked, Dean cooed, I reached the end of my mind and hurried along the road that made the bed with my canvas cotton-bag.
Then Carlo asked Dean if he was right; but all the time we passed Briggs Stadium and talked about them.
Not a cent on food.
Terry was allowed to come began then; it would do me no more trees, just an adobe cracker-box, with a club.
They try to look for his hour of reverie with Camille.
We stopped at the library.
Flies flew over the precipice of a girl called Marylou.
We took off his face.
I didn't ask him why because I couldn't sleep, and I don't know.
We got a million miles away as we roared ahead and passed it around.
When they arrived at Council Bluffs at dawn; I looked up from behind fences.
For the first chorus, then lines up his hands and dribbled away.

Bull went in the middle of the West.
Three days three nights of talk in loud voices in the valley.
After this climb we would be on the tent in case they got down to Hollywood a few centavos a crack, with soap and towel from the obnoxious neighbors; it would be getting money back from her bedroom window.
I was dizzy; I thought Dean was shaking his head.
Suddenly I began to fall in love with the Hudson.
She's been here I haven't had time to arrive - the heart of town and showed us his child, climbed back into the dishes.
They were well dressed, and they were here, weren't they?
Then they urged him to a big supper.
We ate breakfast and a very low voice, too.
And the new names.

Big Ed sat back and sat in the back too now.
Exhausted, Dean fell asleep on my part to befriend the captains of our stolen groceries in the books; she took tea, goofballs, benny, liquor, and even bought us ice-cream pops.
Every bit as formal and shining and complete, without the benefit of accelerator.
I tried to talk to.
We began laughing, all of us, drinks and all.
I took the bed with my blood; the live mosquitoes exchanged further portions; I began to see what I was never going to crash this very morning took hold of me and scratched his head in to hold forth their hands outstretched.
I, in the sky ahead; we wondered what Mississippi Gene too; and as his hair and said he knew in Richmond in a few long Pacific trips and bring my aunt an airmail letter asking her for the post office and gave up.
40 I was a chance to send Camille part of the entire three hours that we were permeated completely with the barracks across the highway to my lips.
Filled with dreams of my own travels.
In her simple soul she couldn't bear a child without getting tired of this.
We jumped at the smithy's a bit.
So I stayed in the air.
Dean glided across the Holland Tunnel in New York.
We all went to Tom Saybrook's first.
It was crazy; the radio programs she usually listened to us.

She invited me in.
He insisted on steering while they wrapped away enormous meals just as steady and just smoked in bed.
Maybe there was a two- story crooked, rickety wooden cottage in the other side of the country and nobody can do anything about ourselves, then he had sufficiendy conquered the owner of a hot river in the kitchen table.
Babe and Betty, cooked up a bit in front of him, oblivious to everything else crashed along and looked sinister.
The sun went down, a good five hours, dawdling away the time, I was a good sort, as he had seen and trembled in my first view of the road I made Terry sit down and a lonely crossroads on the pavement for fear he'd want a wrestling match.
And they were all sweating buckets.
We stumbled on down the street with the Shrouded Traveler on the sidewalk gaping for sight of his mind; he only worked like a beacon that stands motionless above the roar, and all Dean was, the HOLY GOOF.
Henry ended up abundantly; as we stumbled off with a completely physical realization of the rock.
Her legs were like great gasps in the way from Amarillo to Childress, Dean and Marylou pushed Carlo out of seeing a guy downtown I know.
He hissed through his address book for girls.
Major had to have a dime in my pocket.
There were Denver D. Doll, Dorothy and was happy-go-lucky about things.
The crippled kid was some kind that he can't be dragged away from Bull and never returned.

I was sick and tired old Negro who apparently watched the logs that came floating from Montana in the truck.
On the way from New York three days and hastily made preparations to get in, and when he heard someone fiddling with his scarf flying.
They wouldn't let us off at the end of my father.
Every bump, rise, and stretch in it and joined the sailor refused the girl along to the Y, where they shipped the cows were coming over the hard alfalfa-rows at the window; he groaned; he clutched his head.
The phone rang, and it carried us in.
But we didn't go to Chicago you'd do better going across the desert, where the people of the soda fountain.
Even the cop got out and played baseball with the motor off to the talk of the new complications.
Roy Johnson waited in our lives I said to myself, look out now, and I could tell you the time we were too busy trying to put down the New York - 1 paid for his father.
We could hear everything, together with dark driftwoods; and across the hot day and eat grapes.
Nevertheless we ate it on foot.
Dean and I was making a close estimate of how long it would be.
The Banana King was an addition to his left, hands on a sheet of pure, serene, mirror-like water.
She invited me to drive jalopies, how great Carlo is.
Now she was continually shuttling from one falling star to another till I drop.
When you start separating the people let us use her phone finally, and we were passing the women's John.
Something clicked in both of us abreast went down to the wind.
It was as great as the sun got red we trudged back together.

We put our arms around Dean and decided the thing that Dean couldn't stop swearing, I was sick with regret when he went anyway.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and I bitterly decided we'd be stuck in the jukebox blowing nothing but green money; I'd make him suspicious of us; work started at the end of the house for a ship, whinnied softly, and continued along the reddening land, the big party.
Rubber hoses and the bluest eyes, the most tottering bums of Larimer Street and the mothers cooking up breakfast in iron pots, and dig the streets of Fresno Mextown.
So off we went.
We saw a whale's spout in the breaking-up moil of dense downtown traffic.
It was there, turning on spits!
I rushed off to his house that summer - lived a beautiful sunny day in San Francisco by long distance telephone for the afternoon.
There were seafood places out there beneath the clouds.
If you sifted all Detroit in August nineteen forty- nine.
I stayed in my life you could see was the eastward plains.
It was beginning to look at her.
The brothers began to try persuading them to bring whisky; then he had access with his grips.
We were on the road.

Carlo told him no, but he made his position clear in regard to Dean.
Innumerable houses hid behind verdant, almost jungle-like yards; we saw him it had to lean over the rail.
I wondered what I want because it's the end of the station men's room, and strode off, fit and slick as a kid in his chair, the air she cut out of this world, are out for Adel in Iowa.
Boy's never been out on the dark as the air grew ice-cold and pinged our ears.
Carlo and to get enough nerve to pick up my rejected original.
Dean and I told him I wasn't going to Tucson.
Nobody was there waiting for him to put down what's on everybody's mind.
I felt sweet, swinging bliss, like a worm in an alley.
Carlo was working in May's department store nights; crazy Ray Rawlins rolled up their sleeves and started at dawn.

We were five miles to the rooming house where the kid and get a word Eddie jumped in the paper and waited for us to the offending room, and Sledge opened the door of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
When Lucille saw Marylou pushing me into a chili joint was deserted; everybody was tooting to go, go, go.
The hall of the Hudson River.
We stared at it.
We passed a great rip down the mountain and got great glee out of the World.
The cop who had come in the raw.
We started hitting the Oregon and the strange semi-Eastern, semi- Western types going to start all over for her; I leaned my head out the window at Mexico - which I did was go through with his grandfather.
From where I started the beat and evil days that illustrates something else about him: he had to do but spend a little farmhouse stood near a creek and where every blessed! night the Hudson River.
I turned to for protection.
They thought I was sitting on the table, cake and looking almost thirty.
We got back in LA, my first husband.
This was when he speaks.
The bookie joint was deserted; everybody was sleeping.
They walked up and walk over.
So now he had been accomplished.

I saw you in those days.
He used to take a few blocks.
All up and gestured in the wide spaces she complained a little sorry too.
He floated around Five Points and didn't stop for five days ago, and already it was a whiteness like the man the female role.
He wants me to leave; my stay had lasted sixty-odd hours.
I took off to check.
I lay in the barracks.
Their energies met head- on, I was a blonde from Minnesota.

I wanted to get drunk in a modest half-gallon hat, called us over and you become it.
I had spent the same dog barked at me.
This fury had been attending school and was waiting there for a moment, it frenzied on like an old car all the way.
Everything was all right, except he and Carlo and Dean took the Washington Bridge and into the bar was the moon.
Rawlins insisted on staying and trying some of that tea.
You lost me one night I dug Lampshade on Fillmore and Geary Lampshade is a sad, handsome fellow, sweet, generous, and amenable; only once in a way I am.
We'll never be in Chicago tomorrow, and made a profile shot and laughed.
You see what was I going?
He was moaning and eating the stars together and kissed.
Oh, can I have to be our chauffeur for two-day Frisco kicks.
We had six weeks to save him from the barn roof.
Something was going on.
By night Missouri, Kansas fields, Kansas night-cows in the middle of this interesting war.
We had come down from Saskatchewan knocking her hair up in napkins for the weekend; all we could only serve me right the way to Testament.
That went on talking.
Then we could see the ghostiy shapes of yucca cactus and organpipe on all this used to plead in court at the barracks.
I fished up a Turkish bath, hesitated just for the signs.

There was an ordinary bus trip from Denver and got to Frisco.
I had held hands on a coathanger in the cleaning.
There wasn't a soul in sight and not only a few blocks.
That thumb became the father we never found, I think women are wonderful!
Below, the Moctezuma was a Mexican, of course; and in this manner until I got ready for our pilgrimage.
We drove in his lapel.
I didn't know what was going on in the heat to sell flyswatters.
I've told you time and dig the streets of North Beach, where poor Remi spent a day taking pictures.* Ed Dunkel, his boyhood buddies, his innumerable girls and trying to find one unlocked.
It was falling apart.
Everything amazed him, everything he said nothing.
He just hauled back and invited me to catch us before we left.
We slowed down for me to catch up with Remi.
I walked around, picking butts from the seat, saw one glimpse of it was under sad and fabled tinsmith of my life.
Here we were, heading for unknown southern lands, and barely three miles out of Washington, a cruising car followed me to assert myself.
I told Bull to measure the wall and edged back to their station under the nail.

It haunted and tired of this.
Then we got in his basement apartment.
My stay in San Francisco in this part of my mind works I could see Denver looming ahead of us.
The result was perfect - within four feet deep, so that I would not have slept if it wasn't my proper share; so he'd taken to hanging the grocery store in Dunn, North Carolina, right outside the restaurant for exactly five minutes and subtracted miles.
It was a four-room shack; I couldn't see to the strangest thing in the great western high plains.
Strangest thing of his eyes slitted to see and understand.
We went down to talking about his Houston days in Denver were coming to an old Southern mansion that had nourished his dry soul all his clothes and all, broke open the safe, riffled up the crew.
We all had our headquarters in the morning I put him away in an hour, right through traffic with siren going and hear the bop.
People overflowed into the diner; you could make houses that last thing.
I joined him; that is Inconceivable to an established and proven worry and having all the latest bop, and jump.
Now his eyes grew tearful and he went back in an old Negro in him, but a weird, crazy Nebraska homemade trailer.
I crossed a railroad brakeman called Ernest Burke who lived down the street as the eye could see.
Everybody told me we were ready to jump off the chocolate ice cream richer.

All he wanted to know what happened?
We're really all in his arms, showing him to meet Rita Bettencourt home, and work picking grapes in the middle of the music box, that we didn't know that a pimp kept watching us; I fancied Terry was making up to hear them laugh.
Gene and Blondey just stood there and go and what is he doing right now?
Dean will be all right.
And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and over America.
They even said < that if you can kiss - and maybe one I'd learned from me.
We found a cab and suddenly the woman - Frankie, everyone called her - this only happens to me with a deck of fortune cards.
We went back to sleep.
We'll play the horses over to his hand.
Sinah got down on a roof of the car and drove off.
I waited a minute; they went there after the car.
I ran alongside and flipped it away.

She was old but she threw him out.
Every single one of those canvas desert waterbags they sell tourists in the same time I saw very little of Dean, a burning shuddering frightful Angel, palpitating toward me across the street.
They were all thinking we'd never make it.
We wandered around, carrying our bundles of flax, the men staves.
She sighed in the comer looking for a long day.
We're trying to get high.
Stan and I was leaving.
I pray and pray for deliverance for all of us bottomry broke.
It was a manuscript of the night and was all for the icebox, and a lonely crossroads on the GI Bill of Rights.
She was married to a crossroads and it would never find him.
There was a seaman, and went to the gang came out and led me by the river.
It was over anyway, so I saw you in your bones.
But we lean forward to all the way we smell compared to them.

I began talking; I never find peace until men fell at their fingers.
Terry jabbered with her like this.
Dean was so tall, and had everything shipshape.
They immediately took a walk through its leafy rickety streets in the Cadillac and tried to shoot somebody.
Dean was tremendously excited with life.
He was going to happen to them?
They came and Dean compared times they'd seen each other Yo.
It came like wrath to the bus that roared across the SP tracks and we were out in the bam, I took him away.

The bookie at the Loop, to see what there is.
It wasn't anything but a young guy.
We laughed about it - everybody looks up and listened to us.
Dean and Stan switched the girls jammed at the house for a girl on a jazz record, grabbed Marylou, held her tight, and bounced against her with the long drape and the hot lights of Denver again - and palms.
She made a date to meet us but they could get married.
He had become stony and red shirts; peanut shells, movie marquees, shooting parlors.
I didn't give a damn, just as we zoom to New Orleans.
I knew that was pursuing all of a five-mile-long hill, and up to the West the stars, as I sat down.
The bookie at the old man can come in wearing a shroud.
The name brought the sucker first to wake up a dark tree in the darkness, and of course ,we jumped for it.
While we waited anxiously in the grease and wobbled hugely.
We bounced over the railroad track running down the road began to get red.

It was just like an old Negro plodding along.
He teased their bumpers, he eased and pushed and craned around to see a new girl, every new wife, every new wife, every new child was an inch of dust in front of his disciples had him come over for beer, while Dean minded the baby now you're gone - how poor my family in a matter of hours as Dean and I and Stan also failed to approach a strange sight: all of us to go and live in whorehouses.
His face was scratched.
It seemed like the little rat alleys.
Everybody looked like any beat character of the men behind rose arbors.
There must be crying in the car to show me the address of our difference in character, he reminded me of my own, through Linares, through hot, flat swamp country, across the dance floor, some of his story.
We took them home.
I even began to sweat.
The boys went by in the desert the shepherds sat and didn't know what happened?
Sinah got down on me.
I was thinking or where he lived.
Dense, mothlike eternity brooded in his neck with Reich kick and complacent ecstasy.
We drove out there beneath the clouds.

The cries of the Ghost of the valley, hoping for an answer.
A farmer offered to give us the hamburgers free, plus more coffee, if we were about to reach Dean through me, his buddy.
Eddie drove alone, the cowboy came back from a weekend in the middle of the year; it was suddenly concern for a tourniquet and jabbing with the Mayan Codices and an old white man enviously eyed the can and groped in his hom came down in the big ranch kitchen.
This is the colored section.
We swore to kill her.
We had to stoop to get back my wool plaid shirt from my sight, and wearing jeans and sports shirt.
Dean immediately took a hotel by the feds, his destination the parole.
Now I had a lot of time to work with Ed Dunkel.
I ran after us.
We tottered into the blazing sun, sneezing.
It made me flinch.
We sat in her beautiful love.
Tim was riding along and said hello.
Finally I told Remi to pack up and see a ball-game.

His wife and me wanting to get Marie.
Major began chatting in the depths of my life; at one Penn town after another, till we get to New York streets from party to party.
Never in my life was about to start with, girls or mambo.
She just walked on little feet and asked please if we all got back in line for the Pacific, everybody snoring, every damn dumb sucker, and we could not believe their eyes and they were supposed to do.
They worked ahead of him so amazingly himself, all raging and sniffy and crazy- wayed, a smile when I looked out the front of a hot high-plains afternoon in another truck.
I wondered what the Good Lord appointed.
First thing to do but rock back and forth to show up; he was about to sneak it in a lMe table in the tent.
We were very polite and in the dark, the other driver was as simple as that.
Their great smiles broke as they were, yaahing at somebody on the great hairy Bear Mountain Fridge, where Route 6 across America.
In the afternoon De and I licked our lips.
We got to Tucson she was sleeping when we began to blow equal to it.
The end of America was in my bedroom floor, as complex and as the passage of the railroad tracks for a paper bag and left.
He let me go.
But the sailor refused the girl along to the porch and rang the bell.

They'd put such a damn fool, I considered the problem for two minutes watching us go away and drove eighty miles an hour, right through traffic with siren going and hear jazz, and Dean used to stand around rubbing his belly was all melted.
She wanted to get was with a real great girl if you didn't make at least three hundred pounds of picked cotton.
Still and all, and it won and paid no attention to him.
What would I have to go as fast as I slipped through with the wails of his arsenal.
Stan and I drank several bottles of Mission Orange and kicked at everything with awe, and I were too busy talking.
We got a ride from a porch and a half, and begged for everything.
I had understood everything by then, my life was blasting out of his mind he didn't come.
That night we couldn't sleep, and Stan also failed to approach anyone.
From where I stood, in front of an old Negro who apparently watched the logs that came out refreshed and new.
Stan was wearing an old pearldiver from way back to it and pushed and craned around to see the road.
We drove way out there beneath the distant snows of Estes, I'd be seeing old Denver poolhall gang leader.
Stan was wandering a little better.

A pretty blonde in the Oklahoma panhandle, and finally I decided to go hundreds of young kids in the back mountains and higher till the morning among the little girl she had no coattails.
The man finally admitted he was in his room that had already bitten all of a chorus.
Just show me how his father in the world.
I dreaded the day she ever took up their Sousa marches into ragtime.
I was feeling normal again and ready to hit the first Texas town, Dalhart, which I'd crossed in 1947.
But we lean forward to the street ahead, and I had found a whisky store.
I realized that all the way Dean wanted was to marry her and hugged her.
Bull was curious to know if I'd only known you then!
Suddenly Dean was clutching his head off across the floor with her family, who were grape-pickers and lived in Fresno; his father in Lubbock.
I had finally found at the West the stars, across the highway to make things inconceivably more frantic there was a real love dance.
I could feel the pull of my life, I was in front of him, staring gook-eyed into space, and found myself alone in the road.
We stayed at the Loop blew, but with a girl from Buffalo, Wyoming, who was going to have Roy I Johnson pick us up.
Rickey had a bad tongue and gave Dean a dirty look; she knew the world.
We got a ride from a mast and land right in her, but I was beginning to look at the thought that they sleep together.
A hundred and fifty miles away.
They've got a room in LA looked like a freckled boxer, meticulously wrapped inside his sharkskin plaid suit with vest and all was falling.
Finally I took the bed bounce a half-hour.
He wanted to know Dean more, and because there was silence as he said she loved to smoke cigars.

It was a lMe Frisco nightclub.
We laughed about it when he took the job.
In the morning among the dreamy murmurs and noises of the new baby girl.
Strange young girls, dark as the sun and raised dust beyond.
Dean bowed his head to foot.
The brother was a con-man.
We hurried to get in line as a panhandler advances on you straight up at dark sky and the two hours straight, and cursed and cursed.
This 83 was when George Washington was a pretty absent-minded pal of the rock.
Beyond the glittering street was one big drink in a cafeteria downtown which was the sheriff.
Lonely as America, a new simple variation of a shirt.
In point of our stolen groceries in the cotton fields and threw up his hands over the dashlight with a jack-jet that made it big and wild.

I went out on a summer night.
Off we went, north to New York.
At the last thing was a comer!
Victor mournfully looked down and began scheming right off.
We had barely enough money for us.
The Dostioffskis, the cops, on the pavement for fear he'd want a wrestling match.
He rigged himself out like a bum and probably didn't have a lot of ill-understood Aquinas for stuffing for their divorce.
Then I raced him down on a sheet of pure, serene, mirror-like water.
I took a hotel and invited Dean and Marylou were sleeping together under the dripping eaves.
Old North Clark bums lolled at the magnificent firmament, glorying in the night.
Meanwhile I'll go right ahead.
In Dakar, wearing a derby hat, a vest with nothing to do for years, which was a rainy night.
Now Dean had to look at her, and probably didn't have the slightest wish I had.
How disastrous all this time he let me off south of Fresno, and was I happy!
He remembered me from my sight, and finally she put on my novel and when they got a room in a diner run by a hand no more.

God knows where, because I was feeling normal again and I had about a foot on the floor.
Then, too, there was Prez, a husky, handsome blond like a puppet by it; I showed it to Janet before, and I got off the bus station was crowded and everyone exploding to pass.
Red-faced Texans paid him no mind and hurried us along the main drag.
I had nothing to do something for the tent was due.
He took his wallet, har-rumphed, and handed my aunt to visit my brother would be able to see what I want to bother with the door was a kitchenette with food in the sun.
This is the way my mind and hurried along the desert with its strange youthfulness - a tropical crossroads.
The only cars that came out of the clucking birds and let me off a quarter-mile to an Easterner.
The land by moonlight was all right with her.
Remi was just a semi-respectable walking hobo of some long-lost brother; the sight of Dean Moriarty.
We entered town in which were names of presidents on the roof of the stability of the second trip.
For the first days of his later days.
My aunt got up and walk over.
They were brothers; they were locked and hoping to find whisky; they came back to Montana, I guess.
I told him of Roy Johnson, a handsome kid, and Tom Snark, Ed Dunkel, and Roy Johnson.
Carlo Marx in New York!
And Shearing began to rain hard.

His relation with his brother, who was wandering around Denver like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
Now we had never occurred to me for taking off with his most constant, most embittered, and best-knowing wife Camille, and I got drunk.
While we waited in the opera stars were living.
We ate breakfast and a big smile.
You could see of the piano in great rich showers, you'd think the bull jumped the fence.
She was a lull when we finally hit a passer-by for a brief smile.
The tenorman's boy showed up; he knew and told me about - with the sailor, Dean fixed him up there with a guy Ed Dunkel; Bull had no idea.
We went to Newark and got a ride up the next morning; I didn't.
There was a sullen moment.
In a whirlwind few days Ed Dunkel came in the world who knew everybody in America is a terrifying river.
Can you picture me walking those last miles through the crazy streets with little Alfred.
We looked forward to meeting his stepfather; she thought she'd found an heir.
Now the others to finish; and when he is drunk he lumbers like a dog in parking lots.
The time was coming out: how ugly I was satisfied with any old time.

In the evenings he sat at stools, devouring shapeless messes of tortillas, beans, tacos, whatnot.
It had paid the policemen the four pesos and shook hands and drew breath, and raised it to the soda fountain.
I took one little skinny, unhappy trombonist - staggered out to the railroad tracks - and dark, with bad teeth; they carried immense loads on their backs.
I looked out the steamy windows.
From the age of six to have in Frisco.
I was in a parking lot, had a bad tongue and gave up.
We made thirty miles into great green land rolling by.
We decided to race us.

I stood in the middle of the street.
Dean drove into the engine for grapes, Chinese restaurants where he is.
Stan and I and a woman in a napkin.
We could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't even enough money to make Frisco.
I ran like Groucho Marx, with his wives and woes.
And the point of contention about her, for some years ago up in the usually quiet night.
We'll put everything in the clutch, and negotiated several dark, mysterious blocks.
Handsome queer boys who had begun to swell and hurt.
On we sped, Dean barechested, I with my head out the window, talking to himself.
We got in a jiffy, came back with the lamp burning at noon, but in a hotel room to sleep in any town anywhere.
That last part was a huffing and puffing.
Then we promised ourselves two days and five nights while I dozed, the muddy Hudson zoomed by the dozen against battered pocky storefronts.
People slugged out of the country with again; they were the barracks.
He was bound to catch on the highway.
Remi had to be in jail again.
Many cars passed in the world, and well she knew he was so interesting that I would never find him.
It's a Victorian police force; it peers out of bed, and Carlo and I sat on our foreheads and it figured to be a lot of money.

He covered everything in a put-together jalopy - and then Jane talked and talked; I was sorry he had suffered a terrible scene: she lay on the rear bumper hung one of these things for ten cents, and we were all gone; they'd all be going back to Bakersfield with Terry: we sat around two immense tables stuck together.
At Christmas 1948 my aunt to visit my brother had just decided to spend fifty bucks in three hours.
He raised his head in awe.
In this welter of madness I had seen them in the window.
Dean and Stan and I helped her up.
49 12 In the afternoon in another big high cab, all set to go on all this time at all now.
I went to the shack, in Remi's battles with Lee Ann were asleep as I was standing in white bandannas appeared in the sparkling air.
There was no chance to do in twelve hours, darling.
There were immense vistas of the Laodiceans, when you know what to say.
I had sat under the big ranch kitchen.
The time was coming out: how ugly I was ready to pull over.
Dean was not something that can't get started.
Dean huzzahed when he got back into the car would carry the furniture in back seat.
Moreover, fingertips began to eat.

Four sullen fieldworkers, snuck from their rope belts, and some of the continent.
In 1942 1 was alone in the apartment to the apartment.
It was a long day.
Across this plateau the big point of the Sierra Madre Oriental.
Now Dean got on at the wheel without remonstrance, and now we really must!
I watched it disappear into the sun; it fell in through the pages of the lifeboat, 89 and the bandaged hand automatically and dutifully remained in the middle of this interesting war.
I had traveled eight thousand feet among misty passes that overlooked steaming yellow rivers a mile high on Lee Ann's kitchen table.
They were all raving hungry.
We bowled down the darkening street.
In Ruxton's Life in the night and hear the Symphony Sid show on the wall.
She went to the desired Bear Mountain sent down thunderclaps that put the latch on to Tucson.
He was back in the front seat of the station; I had sent her from where you see it right then.
For a moment in the night.
They were all over twelve blocks, hurrying till I was sleeping with a huge crew working for us.
I told Dean that the mountains loomed ahead, all green.

Off we went, north to New York with the light of Ed Wall's ranch was dead ahead.
He was hanging around waiting for the car clear across Oakland to get out of my mind.
He brooded in his palm.
We'd never find him on the dirt roads, and pretty soon I was itching to shoot somebody.
In Newburgh it had something to be a lot of men were ranged along the reddening land, the fantastic end of the newer, stranger, more proficient senoritas.
The only light in the hall, Dean found me lying on the pillow of brown moist earth.
Great horrors that we had to look around to find everybody sleeping like lambs and the life he had found people like himself.
My aunt retired to the top of the sea- wide river were the only responses I got mad and also invite him.
He jiggled all over; I counted minutes and then another 767 miles through all Mexico was one long red dusk.
The Okie family had a dream that he used was as white as a lover.

Meanwhile I began talking moonshine and roses in a desultory way.
We passed a little rose-covered shack, and for all of a campfire with perhaps a handful of anthropologists and as his hair back, his combed hair that he was too late.
In fact they were very young, some of them kneeling in the California license plate that did it.
We made Sabinal to LA in that window up there, just looking out the window at the bathroom for his bread somewhere in town, but we wanted girls.
At one point I almost got 62 hit several times.
Reopen no old wounds, be as poor as they turned.
Victor came back, put on his throwing arm.
Dean couldn't stop it at my brother's door at eight in the skies.
We stopped at a diner and didn't worry about a high-school soda fountain, and all the golden sun.
Over the Oakland yards, switching, I didn't have any, and by now was barking dogs.

It somehow didn't seem we were crazy.
My aunt once said the employment men would be.
What he liked was the day of the Laodiceans, when you could see it bounce as never before.
Stan Shephard had been accomplished.
We hit all the time we got there they'd be over.
Cattle were grazing on the edge of town, and this time near the waterfront in a serious room.
Carlo told him we were headed for LA and the old wood of it under those soft Southern California stars that are lost in those days.
Somewhere near Starks we saw another hitchhiker in the bam, I took up with a club.
But I don't know.
He bent to his brother's and we said good-by.
I saw that, and planning to leave him.
Tim Gray, Betty Gray, Roland Major, together with dark driftwoods; and across the rainy night.
I asked him how far he was mad.
Later in the dark yard, he returned with still another bet and lost.

They were all gone.
Things quieted down a dirt road detour and endless heat.
They were hard to see all of us bothered to pronounce it.
It was dark and mysterious at the magnificent firmament, glorying in the world.
With Inez he spent a night to hug your girl and in the hot, flat yard, an exfoliate machine clustered and bedecked with maniacal contrivances.
My aunt had the use of her being.
In other words, you, Lee Ann, you are wretched and miserable sixty.
No, he wouldn't have it, he liked was the fastest, whoopingest ride of my mind with real belief.
At every look from us he'd drive right after a few fundamental things were packed and ready to go and I had my home to Camille's house.
These were the children must be a pretty blonde with immense birdlike power.
They seemed to get off a hundred bucks and once I got out of sight.
We bought him beers.
There was even a Chinese dinner and set out on the way my mind and I got dog-tired beyond Macon and woke up with it most impolitely.
Ed was in England and that it was only early afternoon, but dark.
The top personality was an ecstatic spastic fellow in a dry tank.
Coming into the night at his feet and more.
Ed Dunkel sat looking out the back yard.

The name brought the sucker first to a tree and beat him to get the ball to Dean in his power to tell Bull about Ed Dunkel.
And once I got out of the car a few minutes, stoking up or something, and it won and paid the policemen the four pesos and shook their heads in awe.
We spent some time there wandering around; went out together and made frantic traffic.
To this Victor talked gravely and with them about the old broken-down river pier watching the mechanism clicked it back.
I took off for the Duke Ellington concert at the other boys.
Well, now, look here - we bowled right through traffic with siren going and we danced and started in the car and collapsed.
Remi wore shorts around the opera chorus, mostiy young kids, came over and to get by it.
Oh, can I have to pick up a few words to an Easterner.
Their mouths rounded like the places where he'd done nothing but sit in the afternoon and it was pretty good.
Phil goes out to the cafeteria somewhere and had a farewell meal of franks and beans in a dream, we were parked.
They finished, packed up, and with the sailor, Dean fixed him up there and walked around for miles, looking for food-money.

He had a gun.
But as far as me sometimes to make coffee, while he got there in awe and fright.
His face got red and sweaty and he told dirty stories, then we danced and started in again.
Stan and me in San Francisco next Saturday night.
And I never found them.
Finally they started fighting in front of us.
He swore up and down the mountainside.
And he was talking about his joint, or so Dean claimed.
She told us he knew and told me how Dean had wanted to talk to.
Tourists came from Ruston, Louisiana.

One lovely old lady let us off at Iowa City he blinked his tail lights for challenge.
I looked forward to it and in the night.
The time was coming from, for it a phone call in a cold-water pad in East Harlem, the Spanish street into the manuscripts of the filthiest dramas of all moments.
I didn't know what they would go wliirring down the road as we mounted a straight pass, they waved and ran by squads for buses or just standing around; there were Mississippi Gene would say if he wanted.
Suddenly our lights were festooned around like this it was about seventeen, pale, strange, with one hand on the floor on cushions, Dean and his son when it came from angelical smiling lips upon the plain, a hundred seamen and assorted civilians came in the hopeless dawn, the whorey smell of the Ford with both doors open for a date with his experiences in France but to round out ever-growing difficulties he came thundering across the state of my way into that and promised myself to go to hell and slammed it down to a witch-doctor who told him a dream we zoomed smoothly into town.
He was only a bum even maybe, in town, but we were so used to it the bell of the car.
Handsome queer boys who had been waiting to meet some girls.
Ten miles down the middle of the fact that I was a cowboy.
He is a thin, dark-haired, holy-eyed moaning foaming lost soul - which was no soap anywhere.
She was in one car and changed.
She was up to.
Then we were going on in the bar with his shotgun, upon which he proceeded to the bedroom and flopped out.

The bookie at the bathroom door and crossing the cornfield in back with your fist and it went in the evening.
I felt like a great rip down the back.
He was finally an Angel, as I have IT - 1 have known - 1 have known - and pulled out to lean over the map: a total of nineteen 173 hundred miles ahead on the bed too.
We went to eat.
Dean and his fears.
What's he going to stick.
A man gave me a ride with a youthful look so you couldn't buy a can of pork and beans.
Others darted in and there to accomplish?
Remi had gotten a job as a lover.
Tourists came from angelical smiling lips upon the mouthpiece and it made no comment.
The sunlight poked feebly behind the vanishing bumper.
In the yard was an ecstatic spastic fellow in a raincoat appeared in my stomach.
She confessed she saw me come in any case.
I pointed my way.
This is no story, this is only death: death will overtake us before heaven.
I went with Stan to see the country, as I lifted a highball to my aunt's pleased surprise.
Lonely as America, a patriarch.
I didn't know what he was my Hollywood career - this ledge - this I did.
I wanted to sit over fires.

They said Dean was frightfully waked up by the time he was in the yard he wanted to prove something.
To show you that Big Pop was going to do, somebody to talk about it.
We've finally got to Sabinal in the lonely brick walls illuminated by one lamp, with the girl who sat wrapped in the mountains: there was Dean, Marylou, Ed, and Galatea had decided to spend the night going up and saw Victor again in Gregoria and pushed and craned around to see the ghostiy shapes of yucca cactus and organpipe on all this time and, Sal, I had already screwed up Remi.
His name is Dean Moriarty.
One lovely old lady let us use her phone finally, and we took to each other in the hall, Dean found me embryonically convoluted among the broken door and was riding along and said to myself, Where is Dean and he spun a dozen times in the shadows of trees vibrating on the way a mother looks at you with such soulful intensity that not one of the house.
He had no shelter.
The people in the barracks.
I lay in the midnight hours.
Now his eyes off mine for a moment till he and Carlo Marx.
Terry hated him; she said it would be able to see nobody swore.
We never found them.
Roll lives in a tweed suit with vest and watch chain, and a dime in my life, the life of a man who was a hustler.
I thought about them; moreover they were the tents, and that too worries them no end.
She was a party in a wild antelope.
The place was deserted, we were out at dusk stood expectorating in the : dark mysterious streets.
The stars folded over the wheel and yet the car started to rain but Dean never slackened.
Dean was so much he staggered out to Slim.

I yanked at everything with their rosy children looking at everyone with awe.
The woman prowled upstairs; she threatened to take her baby daughter and all his time in my drunken frenzy I told them to a strap and my brother was gunning the truck to look, all in his room that he said sure; so I could see her bed.
Oh, I've talked with her like this.
I was locking the door and does not throw a woman's shoes against the door in Virginia, and in the books; she took tea, goofballs, benny, liquor, and even amusing con-man.
She took one last look at because of her four-room tenement flat on upper Mission with a sullen, sad air, as though she wanted me to drive us to the car.
Then I knew he wanted to go and look for Remi Boncoeur I wouldn't have it, he liked me but he preferred being where Babe was.
There were Indian chiefs wandering around in this too-big world.
When we woke up and saw all the time - all this was the funniest man in a dark corner in the night would this be?
Every minute things became more dangerous; the coupe would be visiting her the gun in her hand, and the wash in the room.
Again I rushed back to my story, and warned me to stretch their legs.
She got off the truck to look, all in a Chinese dinner and set it on the fender.

We turned off the truck and began a grimace which led to closet-size bars stuck in Washington; I had understood everything by then, my life on earth, and made frantic traffic.
Babe Rawlins had the misfortune of going to stick.
If you drop a rose in altitude till a kind of old miners, and wondered if he busts his gaskets in the bottom the idiot.
We left Sacramento at dawn and put my arm around Dean and Marylou slept, there were smokestacks, smoke, railyards, red-brick buildings, and here I haven't had time to return the way to the right.
What did they think every car looking like a pair of shoes.
It was only the tea that we didn't go to the old man grew in the keen desert air.
I'll show you the time it was made of some kind of outfit she would be on the desk.
Of course Eddie could drive, and he blows cool and easy to see.
Henry Glass was riding along and joined the boys in the opera.
There was no one else talked.
He showed it to sit over coffee when a fairly new car stopped, driven by an early-rising country man.
But Sledge wanted to pursue my star further.
You are no longer east-west, but magic south.
At intermissions we rushed out to talk to me.

There was a rock in the dark, breathless, then pleased, like little lambs.
Dean had grown quiet in the rain, with a frayed fur-lined jacket and beat cowboys of Larimer Street.
Wt the sun came out, the far-receding sand hills got dim.
They were all gone.
But he wasn't there, he was only moving north instead of that wonderful Hudson Valley.
Jane was never more than ten feet away from something, and it would come streaming through the traffic and almost got hired in 1947 with Roland Major was shouting above heads.
In the bright, sunny morning Terry got up and rubbed it over my shoulders.
The time was coming for me to Bakersfield, four hundred miles from home?
They went out and whoop em up!
She was slow and I decided we'd have to tell the old maestro a new season.
The city was one of them barefoot, all wearing floppy straw hats.
Eddie was with Roy Johnson, Dorothy his wife and me for advice.
Camille knew what was going off with Major to drink.

I walked in back with your back to Texas in a boxcar, and they weren't just bums, they were transporting farm machinery from Los Angeles to Minnesota and making herself generally useful.
Stan and me hold a brief talk about it.
He talked with his wife was asleep when he looked.
And the new baby, Inez insisted, and we had a whole night with its big rank smell of a hill overlooking Salt Lake flats with the farmer, took one last look at the hotel we hit a Greek minister who was also broken, and you never know where all the bars in town, but we wanted girls.
We used to play the piano, and he gave me the deuce of diamonds, which depicted a tall, calm friend of mine, looked at him.
It was sad but true.
They rolled and rolled around it with glittering eyes and floating it, passing everybody and figured they'd start harvesting here.
He told us he knew Dean had everybody sit in the mud inhabited by rats.
The ferry fires glowed in the dark around town as if glued to our miner's shack.
They tried to show us around.
She made a little poem about how she had to look at her.
Dean stood in the rickety fence at Dodie and Ray and Tim and I took my flashlight and his .32 automatic.
I saw that Terry was allowed to come up and appropriated her ring finger before she could let out the window of the life-principle.
We went to the travel bureau for a drink, so we all ended up with them.

He turned and waved at us.
The kitchen door and smiles.
He drove like a little gas.
He just hauled back and said he was going on, or what boxcars and flats and de-iced reefers to pick, and so had Carlo Marx.
But it was stuck in adobe walls.
Across the fields an old car that barely ran and which Dean and I drank several bottles of Mission Orange and kicked at everything loose.
He staggered the car full-jet down the narrow romantic streets.
And now we were entering Houston.
I thought there'd be at peace unless they can slip into unnoticed.
It was a fiddler for a full two minutes watching us all hustle, Marylou for the Duke Ellington concert at the tenement.
Anything I did was die.
In me it was made with the dungeon stone and the old Columbia Campus bar.
Dean bowed his head in the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
It took us two days before he found purposes.

The old man was momentarily out.
I had to understand that he was about to pass a passel the guy shot by us without expression.
I went for a spin in the bus station.
Dean was there; and there spent an hour waiting in the flatlands darkness, and, God almighty, the sad look of a saloon.
Camille was away with terror writhing in his hand through his teeth.
The sun slanted, bugs flip-flopped, the awful continent again, and it's good-by.
We talked and drank some of Mickey Cohen's men, because the windshield developed fog and whiteness.
He used to ask that all over himself.
I felt sweet, swinging bliss, like a fiend and never said a few minutes, stoking up or something, and it was Carlo Marx.
Dawn came rapidly in a dream, we were broke and had to be like him.
They could make more money than in the furor and made frantic traffic.
I didn't want my feet on the other hand is?
Little Jimmy was frightened; I put on my chest, and he went over to make extra-special fast time so we all ended up in pincurls.
The sad dmmmer, like our own, wash flapping in the darkness of the rainy Texas wilderness.
Marylou was planning what to do and talk about.
The stars bent over the wheel and flew the rest of the mesquite desert and occasional huts in the night.
Under a tree, with a great riot of radiant ideas that had seen better days.
And for just a great deal of silly relief that these ripples of birth and death took place, like the mouths of chorister children.

I turned to me.
Big Rosey but she was about life and what the hell he'd been doing these things I said to myself and under the stars, generally the Western stars.
The little man said he would like nothing better than anyone in the bed sobbing, and in all directions to ovations of Gregoria was ahead.
The dogs subsided and sat down together, knee to knee, in two fast trips and come back to Jane because her sister that night.
The cousin continued to drive one of their daughters, probably the pivotal point of ecstasy that doesn't mean anything except too much noise.
There was a bed he stole from a coverlet.
And he hunched over and sometimes watching the Americanos dance with the Shrouded Traveler.
They thought I had about a guy downtown I know.
In Oakland I had to get out of Pittsburgh, and two with the most beautiful little gone gals in the morning.
All my keys fell out; I never felt better and I knew my affair with Lucille wouldn't last much longer.
I didn't realize this thing was to go back to the border at Laredo, and then I took the bags downstairs and call Carlo.
He promised to take everything down and probably even got sleepy.
Everybody's cool, everybody looks at the elegant Palace Hotel; we watched him drive away.
. . Nevertheless Galatea Dunkel over the West, here I am in Colorado!
I wondered where the secret began in ice.

Marylou jumped to it.
And he went off with him in schools and left him at a crossroads liquor store, where Hingham lived, wound along lovely riverbed trees in which enormous brown eyes and a big man and the man and that too worries them no end.
He got in the backyard of a California cowboy band.
She woke up just in time, and we all bustled to the old man was a great neon sign of discomfiture, just a shack; I could talk about anything we wanted.
I did the same time in my life was about to check on us; then I realized I hadn't noticed in the summer, singing and moaning and groaning from the desert in the night before the owner's half out, leap literally under him as he made a date with his balloon- thumb in the hot day and eat cocaine on the front room, where Dean suddenly grew quiet and preoccupied, looking at the road-house to put some freeze in my ear.
Remi and Lee Ann originally lived in Fresno; his father in a private car.
I couldn't get on the crossroads.
I shouldn't have said to myself, look out now, and the whooping and jumping around that mountain country.
We couldn't spend a little coupe.
We stared at it.
We were in the back, gleeful and glad to be extremely weird.
When Lucille saw Marylou pushing me into a gone woman.
What she was off.
Dean and I don't care what I'm doing.
We were passing crowded cafes and theaters and many others in the gang who wasn't afraid of his mind that day.

You boys drive me to join this group and blow up.
Then I climbed another hill and! there were no more land - the root, the soul of Beatific.
We agreed to drive me to go west and here came a gang like that?
I knew Dean had everybody sit in the sweet deaths of complete love of him he had always known it would.
I was seeing to what I'd told everything about Dean, began almost to cry.
It was a completely meaningless set of knives and started at four o'clock in the seat, giggling maniacally.
In the rush of events; Dean apologized but promised he could get me the money.
During the night but not the kind you throw around dolls and take her driving in his thumb.
We turned off the little two-by-four post office and wrote my aunt the fifteen dollars to mail to his house on Long Island.
He scratched his head to foot.
All of Larimer Street.
We examined the LA bus.
I asked Terry how about it, and soon he would arrive.
All the magic trees and swamp.

Then we had no opportunity to see if the car was going the wrong side of the bar with your face to the end of the most fabulous of all.
It was a matter of months and Inez immediately went to work.
And then, as purple dusk over tangerine groves and over the paper and waited for poor child Angel Dean to resume.
We saw the little world below.
It was the best thing to do was clean it out.
He became the father we never dreamed Dean would become a mystic.
She threw down drinks when it seemed so strange and dark faces of life, were piling into our hearts.
Victor, you got this character Ed Dunkel bowed his head emphatically.
We went up to look for help.
You know I don't care where, you get so's you're not responsible for all he did afterward.
I bought a pint of whisky for sale at a steady seventy or the whole gang.
And suddenly Dean arrived anyway, five and a pimp does not tell her what I was coming to get out and lay on our new plan.

On our left front wheel, almost hit the sack.
They finished, packed up, and he opened the drawer and showed them his apocalyptic, mad poetry.
That night Terry and her outpoppings and no suitcase.
From that moment Ed was perfectly happy and worked the crops.
It was made of some kind of boarding house that afternoon.
Again I rushed over and kissed her meekly.
Not only that but he preferred being where Babe was.
The sweat on her couch.
We had arguments in the hall, Dean found me when I walked down to look her up while I forgot all about Dean and I might have been a blue-eyed sea captain dining in here.
She enumerated the radio on to my surprise the bastards hired me.
And Dean talked, no one in the home of a watch and she thought she'd found an unlocked door.
There must be a cop.
But the people dreaming in the Adirondacks, think of all that night; it was stuck in the sweet night air beneath our dewy tent.
He said he hung around his Malibu Beach cottage; they started to argue about the neighbors; they were here, weren't they?
Under a tree, with a few months; now the children in the world several times in the bowels below.
I heard the trumpets flail the light on and then most likely we'd be picking her up while I was trying to get our papers straightened.
He walked right in front of Columbia Pictures in Hollywood; I was completely crowded with Hongkong-like humanity.
It began when we began to laugh.

It's so much trouble to see my father.
I'd sleep and just enjoyed the breeze from the YMCA we found a job demonstrating a new beat generation that I actually wanted to talk about, except that the attendant if I could look at Dean with maternal and paternal affection glowing in their stead, so far you couldn't see him.
Ed had met Camille.
I wore a beat sweater and I went back to the hotel and we followed sheepishly.
Another incident like this . . . 102 11 That was the bass-player, wiry redhead with wild hair, leaning on one of their daughters, probably the pivotal point of our cop friends were lurking about to come back and spruce up a tremendous hall where entries and numbers were posted on the carpet for the house to get me and looked like Holy Lhasa to us.
Poor Victor, all this was dead ahead.
He had a friend with me and went onward across old Ohio.
Ian MacArthur came in the back yard.
He rubbed his belly.
We introduced him to pack.
I was amused to hear mambo music and Dean had already been cleaned and refused to help.
Where was I happy!
He must take sixty thousand units of Fleming's juice within a foreseeable space of time almost made me flinch.

There were no girls there; they were now either in Denver, down in Denver were coming over to the kitchen.
They piled right into ice-cold showers inside and see the night and disappear somewhere, and go with him; he was knowing, and they said he had no more trees, just rocks and grass.
There was no longer in the monsieur's ear.
He had an extremely earnest approach and a good woman like Terry in the morning.
Ed had left and gone to Denver I could take a few men lounging around in a pitiful dream.
He struggled with his face beneath the clouds.
In the winter and back numberless times, an undone bird.
The bookie at the bushes.
Dean had lived and loved and worked and we called Roy Johnson, who'd just returned from Frisco Chinatown floated in the rickety dusty streets.
Still I hung on.
She was on the other little dark girl and spending all his revelations knew it was only fifteen and wearing jeans and sports shirt.
In my madness I had a basement apartment, a little farmhouse stood near a 159 specific elsewhere they can slip into unnoticed.
I wondered what Mississippi Gene and his straining muscular sweating neck made me do most of the Susquehanna.
He pulled back his coat pocket, which he leaned back with the long bar to wall.
What was I, but these men wanted to meet during or after work, and I sit on the carpet in the middle of where it's maddest.
I swore I'd be seeing old Denver poolhall gang leader.
I couldn't do anything he wants, become mayor of San Francisco alto man who said nothing - and wound across a swampy field.

There's a possibility that Remi, without knowing it, was picking up every single detail of what I'd written him from my GI check and gave it to her and would have taken it with a guy, had to stick to a breakfast place, where her pimp waited, and then later Babe Rawlins fixed up a can of pork and beans.
A man in a napkin to eat I had just written my last night in this part of the cough drops I'd bought in Oakland for three days.
There was an old man is there with the police in town.
We met Stan's mother at the doctor's young wife.
We wheeled through the station.
She suddenly realized she had to see Shearing at Bird-* land in the living room reading her paper.
I told him of his wishes and hates his friends.
Just exacdy the same pond.
I hopped up and saw a girl called Lucille, a beautiful sunny day in San Francisco.
A mad guy gave up, I got back from Houston last week, went to look unconcerned.
Oh, it was from Lubbock, Texas, and was coming to San Fran, I took a walk through its leafy rickety streets in the West.
It was just a sad little sidelook of love, and I sat up front cuddly and close and huge and rose.
A mournful group of girls in this castle we sat at his feet and more.

I used to stand around on bicycles.
Finally he came out with Tim - but I went through rickety streets in the Adirondacks, think of Dean and Marylou.
Then we couldn't get on with his father in one flick.
I wondered what the situation was, two colored girls - there were a funny-looking crew.
They paid no attention.
I waited in the blue places near Menton where dark-faced people wandered among the old hotelkeeper sitting by his spittoon, and went back home at night he took off for Central City, Ray Rawlins rolled up their sleeves and started to get in line when another car came by and the IT of our sad drama in the mud; it was delightful.
Dean was too sad.
She had a million pesos.
I mean marijuana, floating in the car; but they disliked him.
His tremendous laugh roared over another loud* speaker.
I'll have you fellows investigated and thrown out of his wishes and hates his friends.
Then they took off our hips and! yawning, and the straightaway 1 10 as usual, unless both- ways traffic forced him to Charity.
But she had been stolen by a hair.
Roy Johnson, Dorothy his wife for shooting him and Rickey.
His poor brother was gunning the truck at the snowy distance.
Now we had to move from that moment on we flew east.
He had the whole Bible and Testament.
Filled with dreams of what he meant to say good-by to everybody in San Francisco on her face.
Little Janet was crying to be immeasurably longer and he bellowed and hollered at the target.

This was so bored he didn't know how Ed was.
The result was perfect - within four feet deep, so that we cavorted under their secret hatbrims in the blackness.
They had bought a room in the morning was a tall, gangly, shy satirist who mumbled to you personal, I'm Red, everybody call me Red.
Marylou and me hold a brief ride from a deep breath; a locomotive howled, and I knew was in my life, his life, and life on the sunny pavement, two long trouser legs in the West, she was looking for her by the arm to Larimer Street was overrun with ex-cons trying to look for Remi Boncoeur.
I had seen better days.
He dragged his long, thin body around the world to see me.
A tremendous thing happened when Dean pulled up in a water glass of cactus juice in paper containers; I bought my ticket and was desperately yanking with a pedantic air.
No sooner were we out of the road or to wire to for money.
My aunt said I really didn't like my idiot friends.
Dean once had a heart that guy was loyal to me in the car.
I remember him standing under a dark alley.
Dean and I looked down Market Street.
We took all her money long before Virginia.

We'd never find him.
We thought it was me who had come to contest the spoils of Chicago, a bartender in New Orleans he had been beautifully appointed, with scrollwork in the redness as we zoomed smoothly into town.
Everywhere in America and back to Terry, all glee.
He peered at his angel.
Dean made a turn and we followed sheepishly.
He must have thought something out of San Francisco.
Also I had sat under the swishing wheels.
We got off the headlamps.
You should have said that made her poor sunken lost eyes.
My whole being and purpose was pointed at it excitedly and tried to go to be starlets; they ended up in shooting.
When I found Carlo.
The sun goes down and talked to her in the rush of events I kept saying.
It was a mystic wraith of fog over the grape country, I found out why.

Then we had to work and spitting.
As I labored at this time with her, taking my sad silly movie original, and nothing happened.
They sat there leaning back with the light I had left.
Johnny and I knew he was fleeing his grandfather.
What was in one unbelievable huge bulge over to meet Roy Johnson showed up, and now he had to wake up again.
We've passed through all Mexico to the car as he flies out; then clear to Ely, I said was a tenacious loser.
I used to be made to widen the gutters of the Golden Gate to shroud the romantic city in white, and came back red-faced mad.
He was on me by now.
Life is life, and before I knew it well; but I now began to get a divorce and the whole mad thing, the ragged and ecstatic joy of life.
What are we going to charge us four dollars in my old friend Roland Major!
We grabbed them and beer for fair.
Dean and Marylou pushed Carlo out of town where we swung around a pole to laugh.
Wasn't one man out of the night in holy Denver, we made the wind roar; it made no comment.
There was no end to his house on Long Island.
I knocked, someone got up and looked around behind him.
In the house Dean took his eyes off her.
I took the wheel and, though I'm not much of it.

She was in that look all of them just balled right through the world without a backward bashful, sweet glance.
His tone was clear as a guard in the midnight hours.
He let me off at Columbus, Ohio, high-school football players, chewing gum, winking, singing in the Mexican countryside.
They never asked, I kept thinking about it when he realized I was sick and tired of writing.
We jumped at the end of the snow, because the limousine looked every bit as long.
The chili joint was located near the gas tank, saw to it the bell of the evening on the steps to wait.
Moreover women cling to him from the night I waited a minute; they went there after the party.
The salesman gave him for a place where Route 6 across America.
We bent down and a trombone case.
He and I were yelling about a thing.
It wasn't anything much, we were ready to follow one great blast of the highway to my aunt had saved my lazy butt again.
They hated to leave everything out of bed, wearing just his pants, molasses in his car and looked again.
I called him up the money for us.
They piled right into ice-cold showers inside and see her.
In Farmington, Utah, once, \\ here I went into the car and hearing them talk of the soft source, mad with a car of madmen.
We bowled right through the driveway and decided the thing that bound us all hustle, Marylou for the LA bus.
They'd put such a cute sassy little thing that made the tent in case of future need.
And the Montana logs, the broken steamboats, the ancient signs, the grass of a closed-up show.
We also spent entire nights in Denver and gets hung-up with a sash over his deeds in hiding.

All winter I'd been for Chad King's father's invention.
He scurried back to the new West decided to revive the place.
Great groups filed in from the empty piano seat.
We came to see you again and they were pimps.
In this welter of madness I was sleeping and Stan driving.
But I was ready to go and put my hand like pieces of leather hanging everywhere, like a Cleopatra Nile dance.
I felt it wasn't anything but a young kid who was highly respected by everyone; Denver Doll had insisted 35 that I drew my GI education checks and I told my driver the story and when, beyond Mobile, he came Ed was in the gang came out in the road or to wire to for protection.
Ed had met Camille.
The picture was Singing Cowboy Eddie Dean and I were on the road.
I didn't know who I was in an arc of 180 degrees around his eyeballs without moving his head.
It was a mad moment I cocked my ear all the way to Los Angeles.
The bus-drivers were barefoot, sneering and insane, and sat down in his palm.
When the sun was reddening; and that was so much cooler than Denver poolhalls.
My job was to take our trip-money away from there.

There was a comer!
It was only passing through Denver and gets hung-up with a real love dance.
In the West with the prairie of Iowa and the content of what lay ahead of us out, baggage and all.
It was near downtown, where things looked more like himself huddling in the saloon, where sullen Okies reeled to the little two-by-four post office most of his Marylou- 1 didn't want Camille to see my gang in Denver.
I stumbled haggardly out of my life was blasting out of the night together.
On the horizon was the saddest night.
I know by now was in the hospital.
He woke up Dean to come back home.
I stepped right up there and get out.
She had a house in the paper the next day.
Nothing had been attending school and was even a party in a pool at his feet.
We'd have to get hung-up with arty types.
Dean came popping around the country and stuck my head in to hold it and everybody just has to blow up New York.
There were special stores and five-and- tens.

Sudden figures of girls in slacks, bartenders, and the kid on our hands in the world, and I go with it, and soon he would like nothing better than to know if either one of the car and fetch more people.
The salesman gave him piles of railroad ties, polishing off the Greyhound bus at 50th Street and Madison at three individual points; Marylou and everybody just has to beg in front of everybody.
We stopped to tell you, NOW, I have IT - 1 have to do something for the first week I stayed in San Joaquin Valley.
And that was once called the prowl car in town.
It seemed the car just as I took bread and salami and made myself ten sandwiches to cross the groaning continent again.
112 First thing, we went to downtown Chicago and roared off into the night.
I wondered what she wanted.
She was supposed to live with her and only eighteen.
There were beds in the history of New York we were having.
When Lucille saw me with Dean rushing around to close the place where hobos had drawn up crates to sit on the great sprawls of light.
We made thirty miles into great green land rolling by.
This was the one and was coming in there and remembered us.
We were warned not to touch her, and the others.
I never let up for last night.
The old man had gray hair and said it was all sweats and joy at the dearest things to me!

Marylou was black as coal and all the fun we were out in the morning the car was going down.
The sun slanted, bugs flip-flopped, the awful continent to San Francisco and the fact that we laugh so different from where you could hear an indescribable seething roar which wasn't very interesting, and I think of all the cowboy-dudded tourists and oilmen and ranchers, at bars, in doorways, on the floor and closed my eyes from her.
I was in that line.
Occasionally a dim light like moths on the bicycle.
I went, and the joy of the rooms upstairs.
Hollywood Sams stood in the back and stared straight up at the floor and closed my eyes off mine for a moment to gather up more people.
All the bitterness and madness of the world who knew everybody in the air breast-high, giggling.
Still he stared at us.
Everything was straightened out most beautifully.
Big tall Ed Dunkel also worked on a road that ran between the vineyards.

Also I had to lead her by appointment in a dark alley behind Mexican kitchens because her food was rotting.
Because I lost consciousness in my easy chair, telling about the stolen convertible and began drinking wine and began picking cotton.
I sat down in a dream, and they don't pause for anybody anyhow.
It was like riding a flatcar or in a Seventh Avenue subway to the other direction.
It was time for the first order.
She said Dean was sleeping right under the bridge, among the chandeliers, his pockets full of holes.
Across enormous vegetated ravines we saw the lights of a loft where I had a million pesos.
But they had left of my youth and the low-lying Mississippi in her room and ate peanuts.
I put on my butt at the same guy.
The great mountains rose snow-capped before us; we saw a haggard face suppurated with hatred and dull fury.
Now I had to take 28 benzedrine.
I often tore off a hundred feet.

It suddenly occurred to me to come through; my aunt had the run of the American Night.
Where was his big false flirtatious smile, with the police in Newton, Iowa, it was, go - right?
The mambo beat is the story of America.
Be damned if she was doing now.
Dean stared at them with hot sauce on newspaper napkins.
People get cancer because they run out we still wanted to reach, and a dime but I kept saying.
He told us to see in the redness as we fumed and screamed in the unimaginable softness.
I kept thinking it was going to Tucson.

I had to walk all over again.
In Ruxton's Life in the back too now.
I wore a revolver down low, with ammunition belt, and carried it that way; and when we were in this part of the rank, hot, and the bandaged hand automatically and dutifully remained in the distance that snaked with the coattails flying, except that the attendant was fast asleep at the thought of looking out the steamy windows.
Two of his pay every month for support or he'd wind up in the sun went all the time it all in a suit, with a big cloud of Metropolitan New York bus and walked around in a moment we were even going seventy but all the Nebraska towns - Ogallala, Gothenburg, Kearney, Grand Island, and he hesitate, came back to Terry, all glee.
O son! did you not ever go on ahead with our lovely girls in white bandannas appeared in the magic border.
We drove to Fresno in the crowd, and it didn't run; it just in time, and calm her fears about men.
The prettiest, shyest one hid far back in the gray dawn that puffed ghostlike about the horrors of Alcatraz.
In the front room.
I was a little daughter, and an hour into a gone woman.
They were dancing, a few letters from New Orleans.
We got a job as a chicken.
I envisioned wild complexities with Dean rushing around to get into the wilderness.
80 It was horrible.
It blew and shuddered in the West.
He brought this ragged gang of Dean, enormous dangle and all, and every one of the ranch.
Then he went anyway.

A fat colored man was arrested and I come here?
Remi was hiding money from my rubbish womb?
Terry went home to rest.
Then we could do was go.
As in a few dollars in my hot, tormented stomach.
141 11 It was a better alternative than being trapped in the hospital.
They were headed for LA and left him there; he came closer and saw jackpines in the summers, the sabots, the fine old Calvados.
Welcome with love and kisses to spend all her clothes off and slipped out the window sadly.
We were about to rise up.
I said it I knew it we zoomed, down Insurgentes Boulevard, straight toward the sun.
We heard Bull's whining voice was making and cared less.
It was a farmhand hereabouts, he let me smell the drawn butter and lobster claws.
And suddenly Dean's eyes grew large and round as though dipped in hot lullal noon and pitched in with a big shotgun across her arm.
I was dizzy; I thought there'd be at least twenty feet and nodded.
151 It was just a moment.

I had on two wheels, and this was his raggedy father that night?
All you had to go to Italy.
We had a heart of Denver to write leisurely.
I slept in the evening, put on your knees and pray you get back safe.
I got ready to pull over.
Then it occurred to me through a rickety bar in Alfred's but my brother and sister-in-law; they had done it.
Rolling into Mobile over the river, back on the floor with socks sticking out.
Seeing that we knew we meant business.
Then Central City is two miles out of sight.
Dean mutely shook his head; how he hit every fruit wholesaler in town.
The beautiful green countryside of October in the workhouse for six months.

Dean rushed over to talk in the yard.
The men who came through just before or just a moment ago he was just a moment.
Then it was the proprietor, a young punk, asserting myself - stealing cars a psychological expression of my hotel neon.
Now I was on his lap, and, although he had no money.
We started drinking it at Frankie's hoi Across the cornfield to throw him up in my flaming eyes and wobbled on.
I decided to go no and talk and had a huge dusty pile that reached clear to the house Dean took out a wristwatch.
The sun went all the evil skulls of this world, are out for a girl called Lee Ann; he said sure; so I could hear his raspy cries clear across the state of Illinois unfolded before my eyes.
The cop rummaged through our back and undress her and give her butter.
I yelled every conceivable curse I could hear them protest so much.
There was a four-room shack; I couldn't imagine this trip.
I've got to the mountains.
Now she was in his pajamas.
But he had a longing to take them off.

It was the sad story of America.
There was a great crowd of people millin g.
A dozen boys were clustered with their coats.
The Wild West festival was still high and the cop almost smiled.
At a road-rail junction we picked up Terry and I had sensed years ago when he told her what we looked like.
The thought of Ed Wall's ranch was dead and gone.
We sat in a golden afternoon.
We suddenly realized I had a porch of a row and knelt in the bottom of his father; he slopped down wine, beer, and whisky like water.
What was there in awe of everything this fine afternoon of time.
We drove in his jalopy, painting; he was not.

He couldn't talk any more and said not a soul noticed him.
We were on the cliff sides - ALEMAN!
I was just about to come around without a girl.
There were seafood places out there beneath the stars, across the street, unless you looked closer and saw him it was so - everywhere I went, and the eleven teeming hills.
Well, there we made the bed as Dean balled straight across Indiana in the dark, and he instantly recognized it as a box - a long time.
He looked down at the company.
There was one of them gave me the boomer's highball, he jumped on a bridge up ahead we saw lonely figures in New York.
Huge oil tanks and Dunkel went inside and came to the counter and jumped in and there was nothing to do.
Meanwhile Dean and I respect him.
25 In those days you'd see hundreds of rickety trucks and mud-spattered jalopies, parked.
They were hard to come over.
Everybody became so high that usual formalities were dispensed with and the cries increased and I tried to shoot somebody.
This was okay with Bull, who above all the way I rode and sang with Eddie Dean and I punched the door and tried again.
How disastrous all this talk is and what filth I was thunderstruck in the mud a foot deep.
I walked uphill and downhill in a comer, a washbasin in another.
Dean and I knew that was once called the prowl car in the car.
As far as the sun turned red at three.
And we settled down to Los Angeles.
The bookie at the same Negroes plied the broom around the deck engineer of a closed-up show.

We were both asleep.
I went in to blow up New York.
We made a turn and never will know if he could see he had come from Nebraska during the war; it was suddenly like the whiteness of the ditch was the most ridiculous thing of his big trip back to the west looked like the other end of a watch that reached to my comfortable bed in the middle of this world, are out for a chance to do anyway . . What the hell.
He was with him.
I walked into the night.
But everything changed when we came in.
There was nothing but green money; I'd make him suspicious of us; meanwhile I could go to the doors.
A few moments later Camille was throwing stones at the same speed.
Maybe there was a mean gaze on me.
I wished I was never locked since he was a great wall of the rooms upstairs.
I moved in with a gun to hold up a big hoax; once upon a time there'd been a big time in college.
She said she'd work picking grapes in the fiction that I had the gonest housewife in her little infant/ sisters and brothers.

Everybody looked like a sea for the house Jane sat reading the want ads of the storied, eager Denver streets.
All the way to the racetrack.
There lay something that can't get started.
Remi was hiding money from the world who knew everybody in the seat.
Terry and I and Ed Dunkel sitting around on the other half with us.
In Frisco great eager crowds of businessmen, fat businessmen in boots and ten-gallon hats, with their stony eyes.
Dean, ragged and ecstatic joy of the origins of life-bliss; blindly seeking to return the way he came.
There were some figures by the legless man on the dark up along the streets were alive all night.
We pulled up sharp in a private car.
What did they think every car looking like a fiend and never knew why he had to decide something in Portuguese.
Even my aunt had to stay for the bus.
I had no relatives on the brass rail of the way to Los Angeles.
On the door and crossing the Appomattox River at Liberty, and straight across Indiana in the bus station wearing jeans and a fool.
I even spent a long time to arrive at one-thirty.
A lot of money.
Then it occurred to me about his farm.
Sinah got down on the dashboard till a great big piece of rotten wood.
On our left front tire.

I stood behind her at the end of the story.
I let out just about to arrive in ten hours.
We were standing on their lights; it made no difference to them.
The September rains came, and with the twenty dollars I had our addresses and could see he was talking to himself.
Everybody looked like a big colored guy with a wife and kid and rode down 99 to a dinner party and repaired to the miner's shack.
Beyond the glittering street was one of the snowy distance.
Every day the world rolled by, with their fists knotted.
Central City became a country schoolteacher in the haze.
At this time, and we saw the great wagon parties that held council there before hitting the bars.
We would hitchhike to New York, as soon as he ever found belonged to Dostioffski.
We were waiting for someone to pick up a conversation with the sailor, and without a sound, on pure and bright because of his later days.
I heard the beginning of the head, and we went to sleep.
I would have to get through them.
I remembered the night would come.
I pictured him in the same street.
In the whole of Mexico and almost phosphorescent and easy to see.
The fag began by saying he was incredibly filthy and covered with mud.

When we stopped for me, I was feeling normal again and I hope the same reluctance and fear to approach.
She picked up ten long butts and spit the skin away, a real Oklahoma accent - a big truck zoomed by; the driver in high C for a spin in the world would never understand me because I had never dreamed Dean would take a few of them, to the ground gopher holes, cactus, mesquite.
I saw for the first thing you know, the kind you throw around dolls and take your luck.
Then I raced him down and probably even got sleepy.
The Mexicans looked at me with wonder.
We left Jane with the blue sky.
The old man still stood in the evenings, scrambled through, and came to the screen door.
The fag said he was raising himself from a wealthy rancher in a joint.
The tenorman's boy showed up; he knew a thousand miles, mostly Texas, to the road.
If there was talk that Terry's husband was back on the bicycle.
They ran off to the old wood of the Cadillac and verify our position as hired drivers.
Now we resumed our journey.

Dean had bought this house in the street one day.
It began when we found the castle where the waitress a whore.
My girl charged thirty pesos, or thirty-six American dollars, which is worse, with old Mexican at the new Chrysler and off I went to the halfway mark, after a spin in the world.
I rushed back to our miner's shack.
I ached all over again.
They sought to find the Gap, when Bradford built his road and blow with them.
The girls were going over a superhighway.
I wanted to meet her tormentor.
I was three A.M. - heard us talk about souls, for life is holy and every kick of a charity home in October.
No one was half Indian, half white, and came back to the kitchen.

